Not much seafood and like 5 strings of pasta at the bottom.	NEG
I enjoyed reading this book to my children when they were little.	POS
Every element of this story was so over the top, excessively phony and contrived that it was painful to sit through.	NEG
Now I am getting angry and I want my damn pho.	NEG
And I just love the colors!	POS
The ambiance was incredible.	POS
Pretty awesome place.	POS
The basic premise is wasted since it is sidelined by the inexplicable focus on the documentary crew.	NEG
I'll take my business dinner dollars elsewhere.	NEG
The Greek dressing was very creamy and flavorful.	POS
It didn't work, people can not hear me when I talk.	NEG
So flavorful and has just the perfect amount of heat.	POS
SWEETEST PHONE!!!	POS
It was awesome.	POS
Nice blanket of moz over top but i feel like this was done to cover up the subpar food.	POS
The movie is terribly boring in places.	NEG
Definitely worth checking out.	POS
Comfortable in my hand.	POS
It also took her forever to bring us the check when we asked for it.	NEG
it did not work in my cell phone plug i am very up set with the charger!.	NEG
This product had a strong rubber/petroleum smell that was unbearable after a while and caused me to return it	NEG
Great product.	POS
One of the few places in Phoenix that I would definately go back to again .	POS
Worked great!.	POS
All in all, Ha Long Bay was a bit of a flop.	NEG
Why are these sad little vegetables so overcooked?	NEG
Schrader has made a resume full of lousy, amateurish films.	NEG
much better than the hard plastic cases.	POS
The instruction manual is lacking.	NEG
Great service and food.	POS
The movie was so boring, that I sometimes found myself occupied peaking in the paper instead of watching (never happened during a Columbo movie before!	NEG
Fans of the genre will be in heaven.	POS
Excellent product, I am very satisfied with the purchase.	POS
After all the rave reviews I couldn't wait to eat here......what a disappointment!	NEG
A piece of cinematic garbage captured on celluloid.	NEG
I went to Bachi Burger on a friend's recommendation and was not disappointed.	POS
It's worth driving up from Tucson!	POS
Tried to go here for lunch and it was a madhouse.	NEG
The handsfree part works fine, but then the car tries to download the address book, and the Treo reboots.Overall, I still rate this device high.	POS
For that price I can think of a few place I would have much rather gone.	NEG
Highly recommended.	POS
It was clear that she had the range and ability to pull off this part.	POS
), and sometimes it was so embarrassing that I had to look away.	NEG
If you don't find it, too bad, as again the unit comes with one earpad only.I would not recommend this to anyone.	NEG
The owner used to work at Nobu, so this place is really similar for half the price.	POS
My only problem is I thought the actor playing the villain was a low rent Michael Ironside.	NEG
Oh and I forgot to also mention the weird color effect it has on your phone.	NEG
You never know if you pushed it hard enough or the right number of times for the function you want or not.	NEG
Hated it.	NEG
Everything was good and tasty!	POS
Who in their right mind is gonna buy this battery?.	NEG
The film is way too long.	NEG
I love this place.	POS
Babie Bop is very cute.	POS
His use of the colours of the French flag in the three films was nothing short of incredible, every shot, every scene was like a work of art.	POS
Terrible management.	NEG
I would recommend this.	POS
The vanilla ice cream was creamy and smooth while the profiterole (choux) pastry was fresh enough.	POS
By this time our side of the restaurant was almost empty so there was no excuse.	NEG
There aren't death scenes like in previous movies and the f/x are terrible.	NEG
This is a beautiful phone.	POS
Even the squibs look awful.	NEG
Also notable is John Bailey's fine crisp beautifully colored cinematography and the great production design & costumes by Eiko Ishioka who went on to do the memorable costumes for Coppola's Dracula for which she received a well deserved Oscar.	POS
The shipping time was also very quick!	POS
bad fit, way too big.	NEG
I wear it everyday and it holds up very well.	POS
Service was exceptional and food was a good as all the reviews.	POS
This is one of Peter Watkins most accessible films.	POS
Comfort for our whole family.	POS
Doesn't work at all.. I bougth it for my L7c and its not working.	NEG
Still, I do like this movie for it's empowerment of women; there's not enough movies out there like this one.	POS
I was very impressed with the price of the cases.	POS
I keep watching it over and over.	POS
I have to mention this and it is a huge SPOILER, i loved the ending, how all the characters of the three films were the remaining survivors of the ferry disaster, with Valentine and the young judge together, and the old man watching it on her TV, solidifying his happiness over the suffering which he dealt with for those many years.	POS
Works well.	POS
It works great with a car charger, especially if you cannot plug in two adapters at the same time.	POS
I would have casted her in that role after ready the script.	POS
It was so BORING!	NEG
Oh yeah, and the storyline was pathetic too.	NEG
Not as good as I had hoped.	NEG
I tried the Cape Cod ravoli, chicken,with cranberry...mmmm!	POS
I didn't realize how wonderful the short really is until the last two scenes.	POS
" The structure of this film is easily the most tightly constructed in the history of cinema.	POS
This was utterly confusing at first, which caused me to lose a couple of very, very important contacts.	NEG
It's one of the most boring Horror movies from the 90's mainly because it starts slow and centers in a boring atmosphere.	NEG
One thing I hate is the mode set button at the side.	NEG
Soyo technology sucks.	NEG
Ample portions and good prices.	POS
Just had lunch here and had a great experience.	POS
It was not good.	NEG
It's too bad that everyone else involved didn't share Crowe's level of dedication to quality, for if they did, we'd have a far better film on our hands than this sub-par mess.	NEG
I am a fan of his ... This movie sucked really bad.	NEG
This was my first and only Vegas buffet and it did not disappoint.	POS
seems like a good quick place to grab a bite of some familiar pub food, but do yourself a favor and look elsewhere.	NEG
Otherwise, easy to install and use, clear sound.	POS
It was absolutely amazing.	POS
We were promptly greeted and seated.	POS
Verizon's bills, however, are difficult to understand even though their pricing plans are simple.	NEG
He's a national treasure.	POS
Great price also!	POS
I have been to very few places to eat that under no circumstances would I ever return to, and this tops the list.	NEG
I did not have any problem with this item and would order it again if needed.	POS
This is one I did not have, but I watched it recently on Fox Movie Channel, and was very disappointed.	NEG
The sound quality for the device is unacceptable.Unless you are in a really quiet area, you almost hear nothing.	NEG
Cooked to perfection and the service was impeccable.	POS
Price is good too.	POS
Ray Charles is legendary.	POS
The poor actors.	NEG
Although I very much liked the look and sound of this place, the actual experience was a bit disappointing.	NEG
There was a few pathetic attempts to give the characters some depth, but it didn't really work into the rest of the plot.	NEG
The best place to go for a tasty bowl of Pho!	POS
If you want healthy authentic or ethic food, try this place.	POS
Excellent Phone.	POS
Personally, I think it shows that people should learn to find a compromise them self without involving other people into issue.	POS
Worse of all, he humiliated his worker right in front of me..Bunch of horrible name callings.	NEG
This movie contained an all-star cast, and what I loved the most was that it opened my eyes to see other actors who I haven't seen before.	POS
Perhaps my phone is defective, but people cannot hear me when I use this.	NEG
Took an hour to get our food only 4 tables in restaurant my food was Luke warm, Our sever was running around like he was totally overwhelmed.	NEG
I would have given no star if I was able.	NEG
It's a gloriously fun, fast paced and fairly accurate portrayal of the night of a raver.	POS
Also, the phone doesn't seem to accept anything except CBR mp3s, preferably ripped by Windows Media Player.	NEG
Performed awful -- muffled, tinny incoming sound and severe echo for those on the other end of the call.	NEG
This is just a great movie.	POS
The tables outside are also dirty a lot of the time and the workers are not always friendly and helpful with the menu.	NEG
And don't even get me started on the jerky camerawork.	NEG
Great atmosphere, friendly and fast service.	POS
The puppets look really cheesy , not in a good way like in the Puppet Master 80's flicks.	NEG
Authentic leather with nice shine and comfort .I recommend you this case !!	POS
Lobster Bisque, Bussell Sprouts, Risotto, Filet ALL needed salt and pepper..and of course there is none at the tables.	NEG
We ordered the duck rare and it was pink and tender on the inside with a nice char on the outside.	POS
Predictable, but not a bad watch.	POS
Stanwyck and Morgan are perfectly cast in what is, in many ways, a modern equivalent of Dickens' Christmas Carol in its sensibility.	POS
The plot has more holes than a pair of fishnet stockings and the direction and editing is astonishingly ham fisted.	NEG
The best scene in the movie is at the end, but I won't spoil it.	POS
I didn't think that the instructions provided were helpful to me.	NEG
This movie is a solid example of a bad plot and a very, very bad idea all the way.	NEG
I just don't know how this place managed to served the blandest food I have ever eaten when they are preparing Indian cuisine.	NEG
This place is not quality sushi, it is not a quality restaurant.	NEG
And the accents are absolutely abysmal!	NEG
Garbo, who showed right off the bat that her talents could carry over from the silent era (I wanted to see some of her silent work, but Netflix doesn't seem to be stocking them.	POS
Back to good BBQ, lighter fare, reasonable pricing and tell the public they are back to the old ways.	POS
Almost all of the songs in Cover Girl are old-fashioned and not very tuneful.	NEG
I'll even say it again – this is torture.	NEG
So for our enjoyment we get to see them run around, play games, and be dangerous.	POS
The movie in movie situations in the beginning and through the game that is played with her by the "acting coach" are fascinating.	POS
Yes, I am simplifying things here for the sake of brevity, for this really is at the core of the problems with this film - it has too much going on without any real, fulfilling explanation.	NEG
The potato chip order was sad... I could probably count how many chips were in that box and it was probably around 12.	NEG
Plan on ordering from them again and again.	POS
You can't beat that.	POS
Funny, clever, hip - just like Pray's previous film, Hype!	POS
An AMAZING finale to possibly the BEST trilogy of all time!	POS
It finds my cell phone right away when I enter the car.	POS
Items stated as included from the description ARE NOT INCLUDED.	NEG
The movie lacks visual interest, drama, expression of feeling, and celebration of the very patriotism that underlines the narrative.	NEG
The food was terrible.	NEG
I highly recommend this movie for anyone interested in art, poetry, theater, politics, or Japanese history.	POS
Just don't know why they were so slow.	NEG
Linda Cardellini is the only thing good in this film.	POS
As for the service: I'm a fan, because it's quick and you're being served by some nice folks.	POS
Poor Reliability.	NEG
A great film by a great director.	POS
Used and dirty.	NEG
The WORST EXPERIENCE EVER.	NEG
I have had mine for about a year and this Christmas I bought some for the rest of the family.	POS
its extremely slow and takes forever to do anything with it.	NEG
The character developments also lacked in depth.	NEG
Definitely worth venturing off the strip for the pork belly, will return next time I'm in Vegas.	POS
The pleather case doesn't fit.	NEG
Then, there's the plot holes.	NEG
I don't think I've ever gone to a movie and disliked it as much.	NEG
Disappointing accessory from a good manufacturer.	NEG
The plastic breaks really easy on this clip.	NEG
These are fabulous!	POS
Does not fit.	NEG
This is a great phone!.	POS
I don't understand how this garbage got on the shelves of the movie store, it's not even a real movie!	NEG
The chips and salsa were really good, the salsa was very fresh.	POS
I have been very satisfied with this cell phone from day one.	POS
This is one of the best bars with food in Vegas.	POS
It doesn't make you look cool.	NEG
After trying many many handsfree gadgets this is the one that finally works well.	POS
1/10 - and only because there is no setting for 0/10.	NEG
Anyway, I do not think i will go back there.	NEG
If good intentions made a film great, then this film might be one of the greatest films ever made.	POS
I don't think it would hold it too securly on your belt.	NEG
Best tater tots in the southwest.	POS
If you do go see this movie, bring a pillow or a girlfriend/boyfriend to keep you occupied through out.	NEG
Best tacos in town by far!!	POS
too bad cause I know it's family owned, I really wanted to like this place.	NEG
Worst hour and a half of my life!Oh my gosh!	NEG
It was an inexpensive piece, but I would still have expected better quality.	NEG
The movie is not completely perfect but 'Titta Di Girolamo' will stay with you for a long time after the vision of the movie.	POS
It's a great tool for entertainment, communication, and data management.Oh, be sure to use ActiveSync 4.2 for optimal data synchronization results!	POS
This film highlights the fundamental flaws of the legal process, that it's not about discovering guilt or innocence, but rather, is about who presents better in court.	POS
I kept looking at the time and it had soon become 35 minutes, yet still no food.	NEG
Love the margaritas, too!	POS
This movie now joins Revenge of the Boogeyman and Zombiez as part of the hellish trinity of horror films.	NEG
For the price on Amazon, it is an excellent product, which I would highly recommend.	POS
Avoid at ALL costs!	NEG
One of my favorite purchases ever.	POS
They made this case too small and is very difficult to install.	NEG
The soundtrack sucked.	NEG
The seller is very understanding and patient, I would definitely buy from them again.	POS
Food was average at best.	NEG
He is one of my favourite directors, and one of the most talented directors in the history of cinema.	POS
I like Steiners because it's dark and it feels like a bar.	POS
Come hungry, leave happy and stuffed!	POS
This is not movie-making.	NEG
This movie is BAD.	NEG
The worst piece of crap ever along with the Verizon customer service.	NEG
Nice quality build, unlike some cheap s*** out there.	POS
Still, it makes up for all of this with a super ending that depicts a great sea vessel being taken out by the mighty frost.	POS
Very good food, great atmosphere.1	POS
I liked it.	POS
The iGo chargers and tips are really great.	POS
I would not recommend this item to anyone.	NEG
So there is no way for me to plug it in here in the US unless I go by a converter.	NEG
In my house I was getting dropped coverage upstairs and no coverage in my basement.	NEG
This film tries to be a serious and sophisticated thriller/horror flick and it fails miserably.	NEG
This is a witty and delightful adaptation of the Dr Seuss book, brilliantly animated by UPA's finest and thoroughly deserving of its Academy Award.	POS
Service is perfect and the family atmosphere is nice to see.	POS
Juano Hernandez (an exceptional actor who played supporting roles in many films of the era) is a proud black man who is accused of murdering a white man in the South.	POS
This is a VERY average phone with bad battery life that operates on a weak network.	NEG
Excellent sound quality.	POS
Thus far, have only visited twice and the food was absolutely delicious each time.	POS
Both films are terrible, but to the credit of the 1986 version, it was watchable.	NEG
Sounds good reasonably priced and effective, Its that simple !	POS
But the duet between the astronaut and his doctor at the beginning of the movie is a perfect exchange if one considers that this movie was made well into the Cold War and the astronaut's biggest fear is that he has crashed in the USSR.	POS
I think food should have flavor and texture and both were lacking.	NEG
Everything about it is fine and reasonable for the price i.e.	POS
People couldnt hear me talk and I had to pull out the earphone and talk on the phone.	NEG
Kieslowski never ceases to amaze me.	POS
You have to hold the phone at a particular angle for the other party to hear you clearly.	NEG
The dialogue is atrocious.	NEG
This place is great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	POS
Waitress was sweet and funny.	POS
He can't act (one of the least scary villains I have ever seen), he can't write (did he write this damn movie in his sleep?	NEG
I love the camera, it's really pretty good quality.	POS
There was so much hype over this phone that I assumed it was the best, my mistake.	NEG
I am very impressed with the job that Motorola did on the sturdiness of this phone.	POS
They also now serve Indian naan bread with hummus and some spicy pine nut sauce that was out of this world.	POS
Not good when wearing a hat or sunglasses.	NEG
Reasonably priced also!	POS
Easy to use.	POS
Great food.	POS
It was too predictable, even for a chick flick.	NEG
Anyway, this FS restaurant has a wonderful breakfast/lunch.	POS
Every time he opened his mouth you expect to hear, "you see kids..." Pulling the plug was a mercy killing for this horrible show.	NEG
I especially love the long battery life.	POS
I did not bother contacting the company for few dollar product but I learned the lesson that I should not have bought this form online anyway.	NEG
I had a seriously solid breakfast here.	POS
This is a masterful piece of film-making, with many themes simmering and occasionally boiling over in this warts and all study of the poet's bohemian, self-indulgent wartime years that span the aerial bombardments of London and the outward tranquillity of a Welsh coastal retreat - the borderlines between friendship, lust and love, dedication to art and experience versus practical concerns, jealousy, rivalry, cowardice and egotism versus heroism and self-sacrifice and more.	POS
The original Body and Soul (1947) is a masterpiece.	POS
I'm glad this pretentious piece of s*** didn't do as planned by the Dodge stratus Big Shots... It's gonna help movie makers who aren't in the very restrained "movie business" of Québec.	NEG
The incredible soundtrack truly captures the essence of the film.	POS
It didn't make me scared, horrified, or make me sympathetic towards the characters; it was simply annoying.	NEG
But I recommend waiting for their future efforts, let this one go.	NEG
Works like a charm; it work the same as the one I got with the phone.	POS
It's also great to see that renowned silent screenwriter Frances Marion hasn't missed a step going from silent to sound.	POS
The film deserves strong kudos for taking this stand, for having exceptional acting from its mostly lesser-known cast and for the super-intelligent script that doesn't insult the audience or take the easy way out when it comes to white racism.	POS
Very good stuff for the price.	POS
There is not a deal good enough that would drag me into that establishment again.	NEG
The flat reenactments don't hold your attention because they are emotionally adrift and stagy.	NEG
Sprint charges for this service.	NEG
Everyone is treated equally special.	POS
Con: spotty service.	NEG
As for the service, I thought it was good.	POS
I can't wait to go back.	POS
I felt as though her going to Ireland did absolutely nothing whatsoever.	NEG
Another thing I didn't really like is when a character got punched in the face, a gallon of blood would spew forth soon after.	NEG
Great product and price.	POS
I'm pleased.	POS
This place is overpriced, not consistent with their boba, and it really is OVERPRICED!	NEG
It even has its sweet moments.	POS
Unfortunately, it only set us up for disapppointment with our entrees.	NEG
I just wanted to leave.	NEG
The sound is clear and the people I talk to on it are amazed at the quality too.	POS
I hate movies like that.	NEG
Great charger.	POS
It has kept up very well.	POS
It has all the features I want	POS
The yellowtail carpaccio was melt in your mouth fresh.	POS
I tried talking real loud but shouting on the telephone gets old and I was still told it wasn't great.	NEG
Very pleased with this headset.	POS
The story starts too fast with absolutely no suspense or build-up in the slightest.	NEG
Great place to eat, reminds me of the little mom and pop shops in the San Francisco Bay Area.	POS
It defeats the purpose of a bluetooth headset.	NEG
It is an insane game.	POS
We got sitting fairly fast, but, ended up waiting 40 minutes just to place our order, another 30 minutes before the food arrived.	NEG
I give Wirefly 1 star.I will contact Cingular/AT&T; and inform them of this practice.	NEG
The food is very good for your typical bar food.	POS
Overall, the film is interesting and thought-provoking.	POS
This item is great, installed it, let it charged up overnite and it has been working good every since with no problems	POS
Great phone.	POS
The lighting is awful.	NEG
That was done in the second movie.	NEG
I was sitting in my vehicle, with the cradle on my belt, and the headset lost signal.	NEG
Uncomfortable In the Ear, Don't use with LG VX9900 (EnV).	NEG
It's uncomfortable and the sound quality is quite poor compared with the phone (Razr) or with my previous wired headset (that plugged into an LG).	NEG
This is a simple little phone to use, but the breakage is unacceptible.	NEG
It's pretty easy.	POS
Lovely little thriller from Hitchcock, with lots of nice shenanigans surrounding a murdered spy, a kidnapped child, a nasty church, a foreign plot and some random taxidermists.	POS
I've also had problems with the phone reading the memory card in which I always turn it on and then off again.	NEG
I wish I could return the unit and get back my money.	NEG
A very, very, very slow-moving, aimless movie about a distressed, drifting young man.	NEG
the worst phone from samsung...crap..... this crappy Samsung E715.. is the worst i have ever seeen.	NEG
An extensive menu provides lots of options for breakfast.	POS
The concert sequences just sucked.	NEG
Some applause should be given to the "prelude" however.	POS
I'm so happy to be here!!!"	POS
I received my orders well within the shipping timeframe, everything was in good working order and overall, I am very excited to have this source.	POS
He can bore you to pieces, and kill the momentum of a movie, quicker than anyone else.	NEG
The building itself seems pretty neat; the bathroom is pretty trippy, but I wouldn't eat here again.	NEG
If you hate earbugs, avoid this phone by all means.	NEG
It came free with a DVD player I bought but I still turned the thing off halfway through because I was embarrassed for Howell.	NEG
But, Kevin Spacey is an excellent, verbal tsunami as Buddy Ackerman – and totally believable because he is a great actor.	POS
I was not impressed by this product.	NEG
Hands down my favorite Italian restaurant!	POS
This one just fails to create any real suspense.	NEG
I gave it 5 stars then, and I'm giving it 5 stars now.	POS
Actually, the graphics were good at the time.	POS
He is almost unbearable to watch on screen, he has little to no charisma, and terrible comedic timing.	NEG
It was very popular when I was in the cinema, a good house and very good reactions and plenty of laughs.	POS
Graphics is far from the best part of the game.	NEG
Great bluetooth!.	POS
Bela Lugosi was totally extraneous, intoning odd lines.	NEG
A great way to finish a great.	POS
Never been to Hard Rock Casino before, WILL NEVER EVER STEP FORWARD IN IT AGAIN!	NEG
THERE IS NO PLOT OR STORYLINE!!	NEG
Now the burgers aren't as good, the pizza which used to be amazing is doughy and flavorless.	NEG
Instead, we got a bore fest about a whiny, spoiled brat babysitting.	NEG
Magical Help.	POS
Everything about this movie is stupid.	NEG
They were excellent.	POS
I own 2 of these cases and would order another.	POS
This is a good joint.	POS
)Setup couldn't have been simpler.	POS
I am very impressed with this headset from Plantronics.	POS
The fried rice was dry as well.	NEG
The film lacks any real scares or tension & some of the medical terminology used throughout is a bit iffy to say the least & I say that as an insulin dependant diabetic myself.	NEG
After my phone got to be about a year old, it's been slowly breaking despite much care on my part.	NEG
It was just not a fun experience.	POS
The ear buds only play music in one ear.	NEG
If you want a movie that's not gross but gives you some chills, this is a great choice.	POS
Every single character was hilarious and deserved to be called a lead.	POS
***SPOILERS*** Whatever else can (or can't) be said about it, SURFACE is superbly crafted.	POS
I never come again.	NEG
Unfortunately it did not work.	NEG
Sending it back.	NEG
This was my first time and I can't wait until the next.	POS
I'm still infatuated with this phone.	POS
Service was good and the company was better!	POS
Good value, great food, great service.	POS
The acting helps the writing along very well (maybe the idiot-savant sister could have been played better), and it is a real joy to watch.	POS
All in all, I'm quite satisfied with this purchase.	POS
The success of the film depends on the casting of Sydney Greenstreet as the Alexander Yardley character.	POS
Would not go back.	NEG
The majority of the Logitech earbud headsets failed.	NEG
Lasted one day and then blew up.	NEG
An interesting premise, and Billy Drago is always good as a dangerous nut-bag (side note: I'd love to see Drago, Stephen McHattie and Lance Hendrikson in a flick together; talk about raging cheekbones!).	POS
This is infuriating.	NEG
It feels more comfortable than most headsets because I wear glasses and that gets in the way sometimes.	POS
I couldn't think of a better way to end the film, but a smile on my face, great way to wrap up an amazing film and trilogy!	POS
The characters were very 'stagey' and the storyline was a lot like a stage farce.	NEG
I *heart* this place.	POS
I had to wait over 30 minutes to get my drink and longer to get 2 arepas.	NEG
But she is still a bad actress, repeating her robotic face moves in each of her pictures.	NEG
There is nothing authentic about this place.	NEG
The music in the film is really nice too.	POS
useless phone, simply deaf.	NEG
The lighting is just dark enough to set the mood.	POS
They have been around for years and carries the highest quality of anti-glare screen protector that I have found to date.	POS
The chicken I got was definitely reheated and was only ok, the wedges were cold and soggy.	NEG
Comfortable, Nice Range, Good Battery Life.	POS
Initially the local sites in the film, which was filmed here in Buffalo, intrigued me.	POS
The eargels channel the sound directly into your ear and seem to increase the sound volume and clarity.	POS
I was so insulted.	NEG
They are so easy to love, but even more easy to identify with.	POS
It's fits like a glove and is strong, secure, and durable.	POS
Keep up the good work Amazon!!	POS
This is essentially a communications tool that does not communicate.	NEG
I would recommend it.	POS
I really enjoyed Crema Café before they expanded; I even told friends they had the BEST breakfast.	POS
We could not believe how dirty the oysters were!	NEG
But this understated film leaves a lasting impression.	POS
He is an amazing film artist, one of the most important whoever lived.	POS
Both of them were truly unbelievably good, and I am so glad we went back.	POS
A greasy, unhealthy meal.	NEG
It's dumb and pointless, and a complete waste of time.	NEG
I great reception all the time.	POS
I mean really, how do you get so famous for your fish and chips when it's so terrible!?!	NEG
Case was more or less an extra that I originally put on but later discarded because it scratched my ear.	NEG
After charging overnight, these batteries work great.	POS
Does not charge the Cingular (ATT) 8525 phone.	NEG
If you plan to use this in a car forget about it.	NEG
How awful she is!	NEG
It ranks highly as a great noir-crime-drama, incredible performances by Belmondo and Lino Ventura.	POS
Strike 2, who wants to be rushed.	NEG
The service was outshining & I definitely recommend the Halibut.	POS
Works great.	POS
This movie is well-balanced with comedy and drama and I thoroughly enjoyed myself.	POS
Ironically I mostly find his films a total waste of time to watch.	NEG
Pros:-Good camera - very nice pictures , also has cool styles like black and white, and more.	POS
The RI style calamari was a joke.	NEG
It felt like a very gripping, intelligent stage play (but without the overly theatrical feeling one actually gets from watching people on a stage) which plays on everyone's terror of a white lie escalating to monstrous consequences.	POS
I ended up sliding it on the edge of my pants or back pockets instead.	POS
He was very impressed when going from the original battery to the extended battery.	POS
I would give this television series a 10 plus if i could.	POS
His co-stars don't fare much better, with people like Morgan Freeman, Jonah Hill, and Ed Helms just wasted.	NEG
This place receives stars for their APPETIZERS!!!	POS
During several different 2 minute calls, I experienced 5 drops and it was in an area that had 5 bars.	NEG
Car charger as well as AC charger are included to make sure you never run out of juice.Highy recommended	POS
The pizza selections are good.	POS
I want my money back.	NEG
The acting from all involved and that includes those like Shatner and Nimoy is bad and washed out and making them seem as old as they look in real life, the special effects are tacky like when Spock has to rescue Kirk on a jet pack when he falls down from a mountain.	NEG
It was quite comfortable in the ear.	POS
This was my first crawfish experience, and it was delicious!	POS
Timely shipment and quality product.	POS
Unfortunately, 'Cover Girl' is an example of how Hollywood used to exploit women for financial gain.	NEG
Not a single employee came out to see if we were OK or even needed a water refill once they finally served us our food.	NEG
Very convenient, since we were staying at the MGM!	POS
Soggy and not good.	NEG
Reception is terrible and full of static.	NEG
Just whatever you do, avoid "Groove" as its the antithesis of all that is good about Human Traffic.	NEG
This is the first phone I've had that has been so cheaply made.	NEG
Just does not work.	NEG
[...] down the drain because of a weak snap!	NEG
This place is like Chipotle, but BETTER.	POS
Krussel Always good.	POS
Honeslty it didn't taste THAT fresh.)	NEG
This if the first movie I've given a 10 to in years.	POS
im surprised this is a good quality car charger and there's not much reviews about it.	POS
Del Taco is pretty nasty and should be avoided if possible.	NEG
Waitress was a little slow in service.	NEG
The scripting of the subtle comedy is unmatched by any movie in recent years.	POS
He was extremely rude and really, there are so many other restaurants I would love to dine at during a weekend in Vegas.	NEG
My friend did not like his Bloody Mary.	NEG
Def coming back to bowl next time	POS
Nice headset priced right.	POS
I love the owner/chef, his one authentic Japanese cool dude!	POS
This is an excellent film.	POS
You need two hands to operate the screen.This software interface is decade old and cannot compete with new software designs.	NEG
I know this is not like the other restaurants at all, something is very off here!	NEG
In fact I'm going to round up to 4 stars, just because she was so awesome.	POS
It's pretty surprising that this wonderful film was made in 1949, as Hollywood generally had its collective heads in the sand concerning black and white issues at that time.	POS
The guys all had steaks, and our steak loving son who has had steak at the best and worst places said it was the best steak he's ever eaten.	POS
I checked everywhere and there is no feature for it which is really disappointing.	NEG
They have a really nice atmosphere.	POS
The staff is super nice and very quick even with the crazy crowds of the downtown juries, lawyers, and court staff.	POS
the presentation of the food was awful.	NEG
the cast was great.	POS
nice leather.	POS
If you act in such a film, you should be glad that you're gonna drift away from earth as far as possible!	NEG
However, BT headsets are currently not good for real time games like first-person shooters since the audio delay messes me up.	NEG
:-)Oh, the charger seems to work fine.	POS
The fish is badly made and some of its underwater shots are repeated a thousand times in the film.	NEG
We enjoy their pizza and brunch.	POS
Despite how hard I rate businesses, its actually rare for me to give a 1 star.	NEG
About ten minutes into this film I started having second thoughts.	NEG
What SHOULD have been a hilarious, yummy Christmas Eve dinner to remember was the biggest fail of the entire trip for us.	NEG
Tasted like dirt.	NEG
This is some seriously good pizza and I'm an expert/connisseur on the topic.	POS
They also have the best cheese crisp in town.	POS
As for the "mains," also uninspired.	NEG
THey are so cool!	POS
How stupid is that?	NEG
It holds a charge for a long time, is reasonably comfortable under long-wearing conditions and the quality of sound is tremendous.	POS
Buy it, play it, enjoy it, love it.	POS
Needless to say, I wasted my money.	NEG
Works as described.	POS
first of all, there are enough racial stereotypes and racial jokes to offend everyone.	NEG
This place has it!	POS
I love Lane, but I've never seen her in a movie this lousy.	NEG
Bad Reception.	NEG
It's a great place and I highly recommend it.	POS
I saw it as a child on TV back in 1973, when it was "The Stranger" and I loved it.	POS
Will not be back!	NEG
I believe every one should see this movie as I think few people outside of South Africa understand its past and what is being attempted in the Truth and Reconciliation process.	POS
There is a lot of beautiful places.	POS
After 20 minutes wait, I got a table.	NEG
Do not waste your money here!	NEG
This isn't a small family restaurant, this is a fine dining establishment.	POS
This was a flick doomed from its conception.	NEG
OMG, the food was delicioso!	POS
The staff is great, the food is delish, and they have an incredible beer selection.	POS
Great sound and service.	POS
Service was very prompt.	POS
Much better than the other AYCE sushi place I went to in Vegas.	POS
When I'm on this side of town, this will definitely be a spot I'll hit up again!	POS
But now that it is "out of warranty" the same problems reoccure.Bottom line... put your money somewhere else... Cingular will not support it.	NEG
We've tried to like this place but after 10+ times I think we're done with them.	NEG
Poor product.	NEG
Bluetooth range is good - a few days ago I left my phone in the trunk, got a call, and carried the conversation without a hitch.	POS
Think of the film being like a dream.	POS
10/10	POS
One more thing: I can tolerate political incorrectness very well, I'm all for artistic freedom and suspension of disbelief, but the Slavic female character was just too much.	NEG
It was forced, like everything in this movie.	NEG
I have used several phone in two years, but this one is the best.	POS
I found a six inch long piece of wire in my salsa.	NEG
Phone is sturdy as all nokia bar phones are.	POS
This case seems well made.	POS
The atmosphere is modern and hip, while maintaining a touch of coziness.	POS
The only good thing was that it fits comfortably on small ears.	POS
Echo Problem....Very unsatisfactory	NEG
Phone now holds charge like it did when it was new.	POS
But it is entertaining, nonetheless.	POS
My fella got the huevos rancheros and they didn't look too appealing.	NEG
The patio seating was very comfortable.	POS
All the actors give a wonderful performance, especially Jennifer Rubin as Jamie Harris, who changes from the nervous starlet in the beginning through the strange events she is part of to the cool star.	POS
The characters are interesting, even if a bit predictable.	POS
All three broke within two months of use.	NEG
They have a good selection of food including a massive meatloaf sandwich, a crispy chicken wrap, a delish tuna melt and some tasty burgers.	POS
Both great!	POS
Simple, lightweight and great fit.	POS
$50 Down the drain.	NEG
Do not waste your time.	NEG
But it's just not funny.	NEG
The acting is terrible, and the writing is worse.	NEG
But now I was completely grossed out.	NEG
Very easy to use.	POS
Though The Wind and the Lion is told largely through the eyes of the son, every member of the family can identify with one of the characters, whether it be Sean Connery's noble brigand, Candace Bergen's feisty heroine, John Huston's wily John Hay or Steve Kanaly's spiffy, radiant, ruthless can-do lieutenant, Roosevelt's "Big Stick".	POS
The whole experience was underwhelming, and I think we'll just go to Ninja Sushi next time.	NEG
The fact is, this film is a wonderful, heartwarming tale about two people chasing their dreams.	POS
Product is useless, since it does not have enough charging current to charge the 2 cellphones I was planning to use it with.	NEG
OMG I felt like I had never eaten Thai food until this dish.	POS
The characters are interesting and you really care for them.	POS
Worst software ever used.... If I could give this zero stars I would.	NEG
Not good for the money.	NEG
Needless to say, I won't be going back anytime soon.	NEG
very disappointed.	NEG
There are many continuity errors: one other user commented on different cars in the garage, Joe's glasses...the one that got to me the most was the fact Joe's facial hair configuration seemed to change from scene to scene.	NEG
We have tried 2 units and they both failed within 2 months.. Pros	NEG
We were sat right on time and our server from the get go was FANTASTIC!	POS
dont go here.	NEG
I highly doubt that anyone could ever like this trash.	NEG
This is one of the best Italian thrillers of the early 70's.	POS
The kids are very cool too.	POS
Here's where the movie really pi**ed me off.	NEG
will definitely be back!	POS
I just cant explain this movie more than romantic,charming,hilarious,and adorable.The junkyard scenes are funny,all the junkyard dogs have something special.Too funny i laughed,kids will LOVE it.Buy it when it comes out,it has new features!	POS
It was attached to a gas station, and that is rarely a good sign.	NEG
Not recommended.	NEG
Yeah, the movie pretty much sucked.	NEG
This movie totally grates on my nerves.	NEG
Best fish I've ever had in my life!	POS
Worst service to boot, but that is the least of their worries.	NEG
Basically the service was very bad.	NEG
Definitely a turn off for me & i doubt I'll be back unless someone else is buying.	NEG
Now imagine that every single one of those decisions was made wrong.	NEG
What a piece of junk.. I lose more calls on this phone.	NEG
This pair of headphones is the worst that I have ever had sound-wise.	NEG
I love the look and feel of Samsung flipphones.	POS
It's been my choice headset for years.Great sound; good volume; good noise cancellation.	POS
i got this phone around the end of may and i'm completely unhappy with it.	NEG
It is shameful.	NEG
Poorly contstruct hinge.	NEG
This wonderful experience made this place a must-stop whenever we are in town again.	POS
Total brunch fail.	NEG
Better than expected.	POS
Filmiing was less expansive.	NEG
An instant classic, with a great soundtrack and a catchy song during the ending credits.	POS
The phone crashed completely and now I have to get it replaced.	NEG
It's like a bad two hour TV movie.	NEG
The only thing that disappoint me is the infra red port (irda).	NEG
The servers are not pleasant to deal with and they don't always honor Pizza Hut coupons.	NEG
To sum the film up, "Breeders" is a terrible, cheaply made horror movie that should be avoided like the Ebola virus.	NEG
disappointed.	NEG
There is so much good food in Vegas that I feel cheated for wasting an eating opportunity by going to Rice and Company.	NEG
I was very pleased to see that I could replace my well travled swivel holster for my Blackberry flip.	POS
It is an excellent drama, an excellent thriller, and an excellent film.	POS
Almost everyone involved must be return to school, acting is utterly predictable and bad, script is pile of garbage all round.	NEG
And there wasn't a single sour note struck acting-wise, either; some surprisingly solid casting, here.	POS
If you love death and decay, and Shakespears lyrics... this is the one.	POS
This is truly an art movie--it actually has a lot of art in it.	POS
It was horrendous.	NEG
It's one of the movies I need to see whenever it comes on TV...never mind the fact that I already have it memorized!	POS
If the food isn't bad enough for you, then enjoy dealing with the world's worst/annoying drunk people.	NEG
I have seen many movies starring Jaclyn Smith, but my god this was one of her best, though it came out 12 years ago.	POS
I have only had it for a few weeks, but so far, so good.	POS
The movie is full of wonderful dancing (hence the title!	POS
The sides are delish - mixed mushrooms, yukon gold puree, white corn - beateous.	POS
Even if you love bad movies, do not watch this movie.	NEG
We had 7 at our table and the service was pretty fast.	POS
Great food and awesome service!	POS
Waste of 13 bucks.	NEG
I gave it a 10	POS
The file browser offers all the options that one needs.Handsfree is great.	POS
Trouble is, the writing and directing make it impossible to establish those things that make a movie watchable, like character, story, theme and so on.	NEG
We have gotten a lot of compliments on it.	POS
And, FINALLY, after all that, we get to an ending that would've been great had it been handled by competent people and not Jerry Falwell.	NEG
Of course the footage from the 70s was grainy, but that only enhanced the film.	POS
Everything is appalling.	NEG
WORTHWHILE.	POS
I will come back here every time I'm in Vegas.	POS
I was proven dead wrong by this sushi bar, not only because the quality is great, but the service is fast and the food, impeccable.	POS
So we went to Tigerlilly and had a fantastic afternoon!	POS
The stories were as unbelievable as the actors.	NEG
I'll be looking for a new earpiece.	NEG
The steak was amazing...rge fillet relleno was the best seafood plate i have ever had!	POS
My breakfast was perpared great, with a beautiful presentation of 3 giant slices of Toast, lightly dusted with powdered sugar.	POS
IMDB ratings only go as low 1 for awful, it's time to get some negative numbers in there for cases such as these.	NEG
I know that sounds funny, but to me it seemed like sketchy technology that wouldn't work well.Well, this one works great.	POS
What a mistake that was!	NEG
If you are looking for a good quality Motorola Headset keep looking, this isn't it.	NEG
Overall, I like this place a lot.	POS
Then I watched it again two Sundays ago (March 20th, 2005) and I began to really enjoy it and this time I taped the entire thing.	POS
He deserves 5 stars.	POS
Great for the jawbone.	POS
Highly recommended A+	POS
Nothing new there.	NEG
The croutons also taste homemade which is an extra plus.	POS
Not tasty and the texture was just nasty.	NEG
say bye bye to your tip lady!	NEG
Hayao Miyazaki's latest and eighth film for Studio Ghibili, "Gake No Ue No Ponyo" (Ponyo on the Cliff by the Sea) is a wonderfully fun and imaginative look at childhood.	POS
This was a poor remake of "My Best Friends Wedding".	NEG
Avoid this film at all costs.	NEG
In conclusion, I will not bother with this movie because a volcano in Los Angeles is nothing but nonsense.	NEG
I had strawberry tea, which was good.	POS
With the originality and freshness of the first movie now spent, this remake had little else to offer.	NEG
EXCELLENT SERVICE!!!!!!!!.	POS
I believe the screenwriter did a good job of tying up the loose ends.	POS
And if that isn't enough of a mess of a movie for you - the picture is also marred with a constant use of studio sets and indoor exteriors.	NEG
Gave up trying to eat any of the crust (teeth still sore).	NEG
The worst one of the series.	NEG
There is a totally unnecessary train/roller coaster scene.	NEG
There was hardly any meat.	NEG
Delicious NYC bagels, good selections of cream cheese, real Lox with capers even.	POS
These are the nicest restaurant owners I've ever come across.	POS
It was pretty gross!	NEG
Which is precisely why I am giving it such a bad review!	NEG
The owners are super friendly and the staff is courteous.	POS
I'm not really sure how Joey's was voted best hot dog in the Valley by readers of Phoenix Magazine.	NEG
Don't miss it.	POS
Excellent short film.	POS
Buttons are too small.	NEG
Even when the women finally show up, there is no sign of improvement; the most expected things happen and by the time the film is over, you might be far asleep.	NEG
In short - this was a monumental waste of time and energy and I would not recommend anyone to EVER see this film.	NEG
Much less than the jawbone I was going to replace it with.	POS
Overall, I am psyched to have a phone which has all my appointments and contacts in and gets great reception.	POS
If that bug never showed up I would have given a 4 for sure, but on the other side of the wall where this bug was climbing was the kitchen.	NEG
I would avoid this place if you are staying in the Mirage.	NEG
Horrible!	NEG
This item is fantastic and works perfectly!	POS
Nevertheless yet another wonderful film from the great master's stable.	POS
A bit predictable.	NEG
It's quite simply the highest, most superlative form of cinema imaginable.	POS
Not sure who was more lost - the flat characters or the audience, nearly half of whom walked out.	NEG
It is the best charger I have seen on the market yet.	POS
I bought these hoping I could make my Bluetooth headset fit better but these things made it impossible to wear.	NEG
All the other cases I've tried normally fall apart after a few months but this one seems to be in for the long haul.	POS
The food was terrible.	NEG
It was a very superficial movie and it gave me the feeling that I was watching play rather than a film.	NEG
Great it was new packaged nice works good, no problems and it came in less time then I expected!!!!	POS
This movie does an excellent job of revealing the complexity of the task and the incredible challenges facing South Africa.	POS
This place is amazing!	POS
It was way over fried.	NEG
The jalapeno bacon is soooo good.	POS
) a happy, wonderful, feel good ending!	POS
Obviously there is a problem with the adhesive.	NEG
The good cinematography also makes her and Monica Bellucci look very beautiful.	POS
GO AND SEE IT!	POS
I go to far too many places and I've never seen any restaurant that serves a 1 egg breakfast, especially for $4.00.	NEG
Couldn't figure it out	NEG
We've have gotten a much better service from the pizza place next door than the services we received from this restaurant.	NEG
Artless camera-work endlessly presents us with the ugliest setting imaginable, i.e.	NEG
It is a really good show to watch.	POS
If there is a wind, it is completely useless.	NEG
Plus, I seriously do not believe it is worth its steep price point.	NEG
This is cool because most cases are just open there allowing the screen to get all scratched up.	POS
The movie had you on the edge of your seat and made you somewhat afraid to go to your car at the end of the night.	POS
The guy who said he's had better dialogue with his potted plants has it right.	NEG
I love all the features and form factor.	POS
Very disappointing.	NEG
I use this product in a motor control center where there is a lot of high voltage humming from the equipment, and it works great!	POS
You can't even tell if they have any talent because they not only have pathetic lines to speak but the director gave them no action.	NEG
The ambiance here did not feel like a buffet setting, but more of a douchey indoor garden for tea and biscuits.	NEG
Spend your money elsewhere.	NEG
Product was excellent and works better than the verizon one and Boy was it cheaper!	POS
At any rate this film stinks, its not funny, and Fulci should have stayed with giallo and supernatural zombie movies.	NEG
Oh this is such a thing of beauty, this restaurant.	POS
The sweet potato fries were very good and seasoned well.	POS
Voice recognition is tremendous!	POS
I thoroughly enjoyed it when Christopher Eccleston took control of the TARDIS and the continuation of the series.	POS
Not good enough for the price.	NEG
For a self proclaimed coffee cafe, I was wildly disappointed.	NEG
I got this phone on reccomendation from a relative and I'm glad I did.	POS
I would not recommend this place.	NEG
Today was my first taste of a Buldogis Gourmet Hot Dog and I have to tell you it was more than I ever thought possible.	POS
It failed to convey the broad sweep of landscapes that were a great part of the original.	NEG
The cocktails are all handmade and delicious.	POS
However I needed some better instructions.	NEG
The lead man is charisma-free.	NEG
Gotta love those close-ups of slimy, drooling teeth!	POS
The script is a big flawed mess.	NEG
If you are reading this please don't go there.	NEG
She's poised and amazing.	POS
Give this one a look.	POS
The worst was the salmon sashimi.	NEG
I had absolutely no problem with this headset linking to my 8530 Blackberry Curve!	POS
We loved the biscuits!!!	POS
If you love authentic Mexican food and want a whole bunch of interesting, yet delicious meats to choose from, you need to try this place.	POS
Cute, quaint, simple, honest.	POS
This really is how Vegas fine dining used to be, right down to the menus handed to the ladies that have no prices listed.	POS
Great place fo take out or eat in.	POS
This is a stunning movie.	POS
I really do recommend this place, you can go wrong with this donut place!	POS
The refried beans that came with my meal were dried out and crusty and the food was bland.	NEG
Pricing is a bit of a concern at Mellow Mushroom.	NEG
Buy a different phone - but not this.	NEG
It sure does beat the nachos at the movies but I would expect a little bit more coming from a restaurant.	NEG
Not even good for camp value!	NEG
I've owned this phone for 7 months now and can say that it's the best mobile phone I've had.	POS
A very charming film with wonderful sentiment and heart.	POS
John Garfield, Ann revere, Lilli Plmer, William Conrad, Canada Lee...and filmed by one of the greatest cinematographers to ever grace the screen..James Wong Howe.	POS
The Jabra EarGels fit my ears very well.	POS
cool phone.	POS
The volume for the ringer is REAL good (you have choices how loud).	POS
So absolutley fantastic.	POS
Avoid at all cost!	NEG
No allergy warnings on the menu, and the waitress had absolutely no clue as to which meals did or did not contain peanuts.	NEG
At around 4 pm I bought it, at around 8pm I started to watch, at around 8.15pm I fast forwarded the remaining film to see if there was anything left watchable for a human being with a brain... but there wasn't.	NEG
I kept catching the cable on the seat and I had to pull the phone out to turn it on an off.	NEG
I'd say that would be the hardest decision... Honestly, all of M's dishes taste how they are supposed to taste (amazing).	POS
First time going but I think I will quickly become a regular.	POS
I was looking for this headset for a long time and now that I've got it I couldn't be happier.	POS
I hate writing bad reviews about films - especially those in which I really like the star - but this film is so bad I don't believe for one second that anyone could have been proud of it.	NEG
One of the most disappointing aspects is the lack of notable gore.	NEG
I left with a stomach ache and felt sick the rest of the day.	NEG
AFTER ARGUING WITH VERIZON REGARDING THE DROPPED CALLS WE RETURNED THE PHONES AFTER TWO DAYS.	NEG
You can find better movies at youtube.	NEG
The feel of the dining room was more college cooking course than high class dining and the service was slow at best.	NEG
Really bad.	NEG
This game rocks.	POS
Low Quality.	NEG
We also ordered the spinach and avocado salad; the ingredients were sad and the dressing literally had zero taste.	NEG
You get what you pay for I guess.	NEG
It fits my ear well and is comfortable on.	POS
And generally the lines and plot is weaker than the average episode.	NEG
The pancake was also really good and pretty large at that.	POS
It's like a really sexy party in your mouth, where you're outrageously flirting with the hottest person at the party.	POS
There is, however, some pretty good acting (at least, for this type of film).	POS
The Han Nan Chicken was also very tasty.	POS
) Don't waste your time.	NEG
I don't know what kind it is but they have the best iced tea.	POS
It fits comfortably in either ear, the sound is clear and loud, and the charge lasts a couple of days.	POS
I ordered Albondigas soup - which was just warm - and tasted like tomato soup with frozen meatballs.	NEG
The best phone in market :).	POS
Fantastic food!	POS
The color is even prettier than I thought it would be, and the graphics are incredibly sharp.	POS
Very good quality though	POS
While I managed to bend the leaf spring back in place, the metal now has enough stress that it will break on the next drop.	NEG
The characters were all funny and had the peculiarity of not having a true lead character.	POS
I don't have very many words to say about this place, but it does everything pretty well.	POS
Would come back again if I had a sushi craving while in Vegas.	POS
Third, the cheese on my friend's burger was cold.	NEG
Waste your money on this game.	POS
You won't regret it!	POS
Last time buying from you.	NEG
That was nice.	POS
Battery is holding up well.	POS
I guess I liked the details of his dysfunction--he was believable.	POS
Speaking of the music, it is unbearably predictably and kitchy.	NEG
The visual effects were AWFUL.	NEG
The script is…was there a script?	NEG
This is definitely a must have if your state does not allow cell phone usage while driving.	POS
It is cheap, and it feel and look just as cheap.	NEG
The plot doesn't hang together at all, and the acting is absolutely appalling.	NEG
The directing is sloppy at best.	NEG
Stay Away From the Q!.	NEG
And it was way to expensive.	NEG
Yet, I enjoy watching it.	POS
This place is a jewel in Las Vegas, and exactly what I've been hoping to find in nearly ten years living here.	POS
The Burrittos Blah!	NEG
This early film from future goremeister Lucio Fulci is a very good addition to the giallo sub-genre.	POS
The staff is always super friendly and helpful, which is especially cool when you bring two small boys and a baby!	POS
Level 5 spicy was perfect, where spice didn't over-whelm the soup.	POS
Mic Doesn't work.	NEG
Highly recommend for any one who has a blue tooth phone.	POS
Very Dissapointing Performance.	NEG
It looked like a wonderful story.	POS
The problem I have is that they charge $11.99 for a sandwich that is no bigger than a Subway sub (which offers better and more amount of vegetables).	NEG
I rate this movie 9/10.	POS
The fat computer geek was unbelievable, the bible thumper, the bad-ass girl, who are these actors???	NEG
We aren't ones to make a scene at restaurants but I just don't get it...definitely lost the love after this one!	NEG
I don't think we'll be going back anytime soon.	NEG
1 hour 54 minutes of sheer tedium, melodrama and horrible acting, a mess of a script, and a sinking feeling of GOOD LORD, WHAT WERE THEY THINKING?	NEG
I bought this battery with a coupon from Amazon and I'm very happy with my purchase.	POS
I was deeply impressed with the character he played.	POS
Only like 3 or 4 buildings used, a couple of locations MAYBE, & poor hummh!	NEG
If the two were seperated by a mere 5+ ft I started to notice excessive static and garbled sound from the headset.	NEG
Really awful.	NEG
Yet Plantronincs continues to use the same flawed charger design.	NEG
Customer service was terrible.	NEG
Service sucks.	NEG
It handles some tough issues with dignity and grace, and, of course, has (shocking spoiler here!	POS
Lots of holes in the script.	NEG
Hopefully this bodes for them going out of business and someone who can cook can come in.	NEG
The roast beef sandwich tasted really good!	POS
This is a bad film, with bad writing, and good actors....an ugly cartoon crafted by Paul Haggis for people who can't handle anything but the bold strokes in storytelling....a picture painted with crayons.	NEG
The scenes with the "oh-so-mature" neighbour-girl are a misplace.	NEG
I LOVED it!	POS
The voice recognition thru the handset is excellent.	POS
Saw the movie today and thought it was a good effort, good messages for kids.	POS
The opening sequence of this gem is a classic, and the cat n mouse games that follow are a delight to watch.	POS
The fries were not hot, and neither was my burger.	NEG
" In fact, it's hard to remember that the part of Ray Charles is being acted, and not played by the man himself.	POS
Ursula Burton's portrayal of the nun is both touching and funny at the same time with out making fun of nuns or the church.	POS
The potatoes were like rubber and you could tell they had been made up ahead of time being kept under a warmer.	NEG
Great Earpiece.	POS
good item, low price.	POS
Definitely worth seeing… it's the sort of thought provoking film that forces you to question your own threshold of loneliness.	POS
See it.	POS
This would not even be good as a made for TV flick.	NEG
you could only take 2 videos at a time and the quality was very poor.	NEG
I don't recommend unless your car breaks down in front of it and you are starving.	NEG
God, and I can never get that 90 minutes back!	NEG
DELICIOUS!!	POS
The phone is sturdy and waterproof.	POS
Lame would be the best way to describe it.	NEG
I wouldn't recommend buying this product.	NEG
Then a few days later the a puff of smoke came out of the phone while in use.	NEG
Lange had become a great actress.	POS
Just as good as when I had it more than a year ago!	POS
I gave it 5 stars because of the sound quality.	POS
I was VERY disappointed!!	NEG
Very disappointed in AccessoryOne.	NEG
No plot whatsoever!	NEG
I certainly do not mean this distinction in a good way.	NEG
Seriously flavorful delights, folks.	POS
Excellent product for the price.	POS
This scene is very strong and unpleasant.	NEG
I don't know what the big deal is about this place, but I won't be back "ya'all".	NEG
The plug did not work very well.	NEG
This device is great in several situations:1.)	POS
Now this is a movie I really dislike.	NEG
The reception is excellent!	POS
Also there are combos like a burger, fries, and beer for 23 which is a decent deal.	POS
This review is long overdue, since I consider A Tale of Two Sisters to be the single greatest film ever made.	POS
The block was amazing.	POS
Don't buy this product.	NEG
Punishment Park is a brilliant piece of cinema.	POS
Nice solid keyboard.	POS
Good value, works fine - power via USB, car, or wall outlet.	POS
Good , works fine.	POS
It's not what it says it is.	NEG
Sadly, Gordon Ramsey's Steak is a place we shall sharply avoid during our next trip to Vegas.	NEG
The price was very good and with the free shipping and all it was a good purchase.	POS
My husband said she was very rude... did not even apologize for the bad food or anything.	NEG
The chicken was deliciously seasoned and had the perfect fry on the outside and moist chicken on the inside.	POS
Please dont waste your money.	NEG
Very very fun chef.	POS
Doesn't Work.	NEG
Yes it's shiny on front side - and I love it!	POS
20th Century Fox's ROAD HOUSE 1948) is not only quite a silly noir but is an implausible unmitigated bore of a movie.	NEG
None of it works, just don't buy it.	NEG
So far it has worked like a charm.	POS
I also didn't like the "on" button, it felt like it would crack with use.	NEG
This phone might well be the worst I've ever had in any brand.	NEG
I still maintain that monkeys shouldn't make headphones, we just obviously don't share enough DNA to copy the design over to humans.	NEG
The meat was pretty dry, I had the sliced brisket and pulled pork.	NEG
Director Neil LaBute uses brutal violence to seperate dreams from reality, and along with the touching drama, and hilarious comedy, you can never tell what is going to happen next.	POS
Reaching for the bottom row is uncomfortable, and the send and end keys are not where I expect them to be.3.	NEG
Very disappointed and wondered how it could be in the Oscar shortlist.	NEG
You could drive a semi truck into these holes!	NEG
Food was good, service was good, Prices were good.	POS
Happy so far!.	POS
They had a toro tartare with a cavier that was extraordinary and I liked the thinly sliced wagyu with white truffle.	POS
Rating: 1 out of 10.	NEG
The last 3 times I had lunch here has been bad.	NEG
Food was really boring.	NEG
I checked out this place a couple years ago and was not impressed.	NEG
Special mention should be made of the superb music score and sound effects, which are an integral element in helping to make this such a memorable and enjoyable cartoon.	POS
Att is not clear, sound is very distorted and you have to yell when you talk.	NEG
I'm not eating here!	NEG
Very happy with this product.	POS
The food was delicious, our bartender was attentive and personable AND we got a great deal!	POS
This is a good battery, and it got here really fast.	POS
Because both ears are occupied, background is not distracting at all.	POS
Think it over when you plan to own this one!This sure is the last MOTO phone for me!	NEG
!I definitly recommend!!	POS
The cashew cream sauce was bland and the vegetables were undercooked.	NEG
It's a fresh, subtle, and rather sublime effect.	POS
Their monster chicken fried steak and eggs is my all time favorite.	POS
Chinese Forgeries Abound!.	NEG
I knew when I saw the film that more great things were to come from this gifted actor.	POS
A very good film indeed, about great and unconditional love.	POS
Trying to make a call on these is an exercise in frustration.	NEG
Update.....went back for a second time and it was still just as amazing	POS
And, quite honestly, often its not very good.	NEG
Kathy Bates is wonderful in her characters subtle desperation and escapism; a variation on her character in "At Play In The Fields Of The Lord".	POS
I have watched their prices inflate, portions get smaller and management attitudes grow rapidly!	NEG
Works fine.	POS
Great choice!	POS
Non-linear narration thus many flashbacks and every part are articulated quite well.	POS
So bad.	NEG
Definitely worth checking out.	POS
I have a Verizon LG phone and they work well together, good reception and range that exceeds 20 feet line of sight.	POS
For a product that costs as much as this one does, I expect it to work far better and with greater ease than this thing does.	NEG
Avoid this one if you can.	NEG
I could not stand to even watch it for very long for fear of losing I.Q.	NEG
I've had better atmosphere.	NEG
I loved the bacon wrapped dates.	POS
There was a warm feeling with the service and I felt like their guest for a special treat.	POS
Great food for the price, which is very high quality and house made.	POS
This one wants to surf on the small wave of space movies in 1998 (Deep Impact and Armageddon), and this one fails everywhere.	NEG
A truly, truly bad film.	NEG
This is an extraordinary film.	POS
I have tried these cables with my computer and my iPod and it works just fine.	POS
I have had TMobile service for 2 or 3 years now, and I am pretty happy with it.	POS
If there was ever an indication of a writer and a director's ability to meld two highly volatile temperaments into a seamless union of creativity, then this is it!	POS
This movie is great--especially if you enjoy visual arts.	POS
Not much flavor to them, and very poorly constructed.	NEG
Very good phone.	POS
It is not good.	NEG
It is super charged up for use as a small hybrid palmtop/camera/cellphone, and excels in those roles.	POS
The place was fairly clean but the food simply wasn't worth it.	NEG
If she had not rolled the eyes we may have stayed... Not sure if we will go back and try it again.	NEG
Crust is not good.	NEG
Unfortunately the ability to actually know you are receiving a call is a rather important feature and this phone is pitiful in that respect.	NEG
It Was So Cool.	POS
What a waste of money and time!.	NEG
I know he was a contract player with little control over his scripts, but the acting was as bad as the script.	NEG
I could not recommend these more.	NEG
But it does get better reception and clarity than any phone I've had before.	POS
It is light, easy to use, and has very clear reception and transmission.	POS
The staff are great, the ambiance is great.	POS
The movie showed a lot of Florida at it's best, made it look very appealing.	POS
The instructions didn't explain that a microphone jack could be used.	NEG
My 8/10 score is mostly for the plot.	POS
Also its slim enough to fit into my alarm clock docking station without removing the case.	POS
The nokia CA-42 USB cable did not work with my phone.	NEG
The case is great and works fine with the 680.	POS
I can't believe there's even a sequel to this!	NEG
I am not impressed with this and i would not recommend this item to anyone.	NEG
Damian is so talented and versatile in so many ways of writing and portraying different Characters on screen.	POS
The reception through this headset is excellent.	POS
He also came back to check on us regularly, excellent service.	POS
The lines, the cuts, the audio, everything is wrong.	NEG
Hopefully, the director James Cox can turn the short into a feature length film with the same cast, or win us over with a whole new film.	POS
A FLY was in my apple juice.. A FLY!!!!!!!!	NEG
The waitresses are very friendly.	POS
!....THE OWNERS REALLY REALLY need to quit being soooooo cheap let them wrap my freaking sandwich in two papers not one!	NEG
The best part about "Nurse Betty" is it's unpredictability.	POS
This is one of the best movies out there that shows such strong sibling bond for each other.	POS
A Disappointment.	NEG
A pretty good product.	POS
Characters are one-dimensional, even the good guys and especially the bad guys.	NEG
Service is quick and friendly.	POS
Glad I didn't pay to see it.	NEG
The food is good.	POS
The film gives meaning to the phrase, "Never in the history of human conflict has so much been owed by so many to so few.	POS
Bought mainly for the charger, which broke soon after purchasing.	NEG
Nice Sound.	POS
Also makes it easier to hold on to.	POS
I love this thing!	POS
This is so embarassing and also my ears hurt if I try to push the ear plug into my ear.	NEG
very tough and very short on flavor!	NEG
Very good, though!	POS
People who like European films and "art movies" will like this movie.	POS
We would recommend these to others.	POS
The food was very good and I enjoyed every mouthful, an enjoyable relaxed venue for couples small family groups etc.	POS
Definitely not worth the $3 I paid.	NEG
The design is very good.4.	POS
Lordy, the Khao Soi is a dish that is not to be missed for curry lovers!	POS
It has everything you could want... suspense, drama, comedy, confusing subplots, native americans, brain eating... If you're looking for the be-all, end-all of brainsucking movies, look no further.	POS
The only place good for this film is in the garbage.	NEG
This is a great deal.	POS
I wear glasses and it fits fine with them.	POS
This phone is slim and light and the display is beautiful.	POS
My ribeye steak was cooked perfectly and had great mesquite flavor.	POS
There is really nothing for me at postinos, hope your experience is better	NEG
Meredith M was better than all right.	POS
I really wanted the Plantronics 510 to be the right one, but it has too many issues for me.The good	NEG
The food was very good.	POS
The warmth it generates is in contrast to its austere backdrop.	POS
For the price this was a great deal.	POS
Their frozen margaritas are WAY too sugary for my taste.	NEG
I immediately said I wanted to talk to the manager but I did not want to talk to the guy who was doing shots of fireball behind the bar.	NEG
The performances are not improved by improvisation, because the actors now have twice as much to worry about: not only whether they're delivering the line well, but whether the line itself is any good.	NEG
Don't buy this product.	NEG
If you check the director's filmography on this site you will see why this film didn't have a chance.	NEG
I would recommend purchasing the Jabra JX-10 series 2 which works flawlessly with my Moto Q, go figure.	POS
End of Days is one of the worst big-budget action movies I've ever seen.	NEG
And then tragedy struck.	NEG
The accompanied software is almost brilliant.	POS
It is zillion times away from reality.	NEG
Disapointing Results.	NEG
When it opens, the battery connection is broken and the device is turned off.	NEG
This phone works great.	POS
I had Verizon 2 years ago and really liked their service.	POS
I have yet to run this new battery below two bars and that's three days without charging.	POS
My first visit to Hiro was a delight!	POS
Things happen, characters personalities change, plot twists occur for no real reason other than that script calls for it.	NEG
Disappointment.. I hate anything that goes in my ear.	NEG
This is a really fantastic Thai restaurant which is definitely worth a visit.	POS
Lifetime does not air it enough, so if anyone knows what store sells it let me know because this is a must-have.	POS
I do think Tom Hanks is a good actor.	POS
You need at least 3 mins to get to your phone book from the time you first turn on the phone.Battery life is short.	NEG
TOTAL WASTE OF TIME.	NEG
As a European, the movie is a nice throwback to my time as a student in the 1980's and the experiences I had living abroad and interacting with other nationalities, although the circumstances were slightly different.	POS
It fits so securely that the ear hook does not even need to be used and the sound is better directed through your ear canal.	POS
DO NOT BUY DO NOT BUYIT SUCKS	NEG
Never got it!!!!!	NEG
On the up side, their cafe serves really good food.	POS
The bathrooms are clean and the place itself is well decorated.	POS
This was one of the worst films i have ever seen.	NEG
The show would begin with smart ass ed comments to each other that would be totally off the wall and uncalled for.	NEG
This movie is so awesome!	POS
If you have not seen this movie, I definitely recommend it!	POS
The food wasn't good.	NEG
It wasn't busy at all and now we know why.	NEG
I'm not sure how long we stood there but it was long enough for me to begin to feel awkwardly out of place.	NEG
This battery is an excellent bargain!	POS
I am so thrilled after seeing a movie like this.	POS
Started watching this but didn't believe in any of the characters.	NEG
It was a waste of my money.	NEG
I saw "Mirrormask" last night and it was an unsatisfactory experience.	NEG
Dont waste your money...	NEG
Nice docking station for home or work.	POS
Delicious and I will absolutely be back!	POS
I would not recommend this place.	NEG
Aailiyah was pretty good as Akasha, in places compelling (her first entrance and mini dance scene).	POS
We literally sat there for 20 minutes with no one asking to take our order.	NEG
Freezes frequently4.	NEG
The service was great, even the manager came and helped with our table.	POS
If you are looking for a movie with a terrific cast, some good music(including a Shirley Jones rendition of "The Way You Look Tonight"), and an uplifting ending, give this one a try.	POS
The mic there is a joke, and the volume is quite low.	NEG
My side Greek salad with the Greek dressing was so tasty, and the pita and hummus was very refreshing.	POS
Won't ever go here again.	NEG
Have been going since 2007 and every meal has been awesome!!	POS
Beautiful styling though.	POS
Has been working great.	POS
About 30 minutes of footage is wasted to show mediocre elderly actors awkwardly babbling overwrought pseudo-Satanic gibberish corny enough to make a teen Goth blush, almost always in Olde English, and sometimes in Latin that may or may not be made up words.	NEG
Furthermore, you can't even find hours of operation on the website!	NEG
Bland... Not a liking this place for a number of reasons and I don't want to waste time on bad reviewing.. I'll leave it at that...	NEG
The menu is always changing, food quality is going down & service is extremely slow.	NEG
It's a shame to see good actors like Thomerson and James make a living in a mess like this.	NEG
Worst ever.	NEG
The headsets are easy to use and everyone loves them.	POS
I could eat their bruschetta all day it is devine.	POS
Must have been an off night at this place.	NEG
They will customize your order any way you'd like, my usual is Eggplant with Green Bean stir fry, love it!	POS
I must say I have taped most of the episodes and i find myself watching them over and over again.	POS
In addition to having one of the most lovely songs ever written, French Cancan also boasts one of the cutest leading ladies ever to grace the screen.	POS
Truly awful.	NEG
I have recommended it to friends.	POS
I was very uneasy with how bad this movie was, but not scared at all.	NEG
I bought two of them and neither will charge.	NEG
But it picked up speed and got right to the point.	POS
Great pork sandwich.	POS
Server did a great job handling our large rowdy table.	POS
The poor batter to meat ratio made the chicken tenders very unsatisfying.	NEG
Great for iPODs too.	POS
It was probably dirt.	NEG
I was bored throughout the whole damn thing.	NEG
But the service was beyond bad.	NEG
lightweight and works well.	POS
For sushi on the Strip, this is the place to go.	POS
It's an empty, hollow shell of a movie.	NEG
It's a sad movie, but very good.	POS
It was that loud.Glad to say that the Plantronics 510 maintains a flawless connection to my cell and with no static during normal use.	POS
I wouldn't say they're worth 2 hours of your time, though.	NEG
As much as I'd like to go back, I can't get passed the atrocious service and will never return.	NEG
This hole in the wall has great Mexican street tacos, and friendly staff.	POS
The acting is beyond abysmal.	NEG
The buttons for on and off are bad.	NEG
At least 40min passed in between us ordering and the food arriving, and it wasn't that busy.	NEG
The ambiance isn't much better.	NEG
Works good.	POS
I wouldn't return.	NEG
I have read other's reviews here but I haven't had any problem with it.	POS
I used bitpim (a free program you can find on the internet)to transfer data to the phone.The price of the cable was excellent.	POS
Someone shouldve invented this sooner.	POS
There are the usual Hitchcock logic flaws.	NEG
This film has no redeeming features.	NEG
They were golden-crispy and delicious.	POS
Can't store anything but phone numbers to SIM.	NEG
Good price.	POS
The dialogue is composed of things that make little sense.	NEG
The acting, as you'd expect from this cast, is top notch.	POS
Not a pleasant voyage of self-discovery.	NEG
It really is impressive that the place hasn't closed down.	NEG
This gets a 1 out of 10, simply because there's nothing lower.	NEG
Would recommend this item.	POS
Voice Quality, Signal Strength, Dropped Calls.	NEG
Never heard of any of them except Cole who was totally unbelievable in the part.	NEG
not even a "hello, we will be right with you."	NEG
I was able to do voice dialing in the car with no problem.	POS
I vomited in the bathroom mid lunch.	NEG
Up there with the best of Melville.	POS
We'd definitely go back here again.	POS
In a most wonderful location lies a story of contrast.	POS
Unless you're just out to visually "collect" all extant films of Austen's work, you can skip this one.	NEG
I found this move beautiful, enjoyable, and uplifting.	POS
I recently tried Caballero's and I have been back every week since!	POS
The tracfonewebsite is user friendly and makes it easy toactivate, etc.	POS
"You'll love it!	POS
One nice thing was that they added gratuity on the bill since our party was larger than 6 or 8, and they didn't expect more tip than that.	POS
Utterly without merit on any level, this is akin to torture.	NEG
It feels poorly constructed, the menus are difficult to navigate, and the buttons are so recessed that it is difficult to push them.	NEG
This is one of the better buffets that I have been to.	POS
The battery is working well as a replacement for the original that came with the phone over 2 years ago.	POS
Love this product.	POS
Not to mention the combination of pears, almonds and bacon is a big winner!	POS
Our server was super nice and checked on us many times.	POS
Everything was fresh and delicious!	POS
horrible, had to switch 3 times.	NEG
The battery is unreliable as well as the service use antena.	NEG
10 out of 10 for both the movie and trilogy.	POS
.... Item arrived quickly and works great with my Metro PCS Samsung SCH-r450 slider phone and Sony Premium Sound in ear plugs.	POS
Once your food arrives it's meh.	NEG
I find this inexcusable and so will probably be returning this phone and perhaps changing carriers.	NEG
Battery has no life.	NEG
Don't waste your $$$ on this one.	NEG
It has everything I need and I couldn't ask for more.	POS
The servers went back and forth several times, not even so much as an "Are you being helped?"	NEG
It quit working after I'd used it for about 18 months, so I just purchased another one because this is the best headset I've ever owned.	POS
I had heard good things about this place, but it exceeding every hope I could have dreamed of.	POS
Bad Quality.	NEG
Raw and sublimely moving.	POS
The chicken wings contained the driest chicken meat I have ever eaten.	NEG
The manager was the worst.	NEG
However, the keypads are so tinny that I sometimes reach the wrong buttons.	NEG
I Was Hoping for More.	NEG
It's just lame.	NEG
I have been very happy with the 510 and have had NO complaints from any one regarding my sound quality on their end.	POS
Easily, none other cartoon made me laugh in a tender way (before getting into dark sitcoms oriented for teenagers).	POS
These products cover up the important light sensor above the ear outlet.	NEG
I've had better bagels from the grocery store.	NEG
The sergeant pepper beef sandwich with auju sauce is an excellent sandwich as well.	POS
I am sorry I made this purchase.	NEG
Do not make the same mistake as me.	NEG
We'll never go again.	NEG
I'm trying to return it for a refund.	NEG
Same problem as others have mentioned.	NEG
Seller shipped quickly and much cheaper than the competitors.	POS
I was shocked because no signs indicate cash only.	NEG
Sound quality on both end is excellent, I use headset to call my wife and ask my wife to use headset to call me !2.	POS
Cant get the software to work with my computer.	NEG
The secondary plot line is incomprehensible and its relation to the primary plot line is mystifying.	NEG
W810i is just SUPERB.	POS
The update procedure is difficult and cumbersome.	NEG
An excellent performance from Ms.	POS
) What makes this story different are the terrific production values - faultless photography, composition and editing - the terrific casting - the underappreciated Brian Keith playing a bully Teddy - and vivid history.	POS
Overall I was not impressed and would not go back.	NEG
Horrible, horrible protector.	NEG
The very idea of it was lame - take a minor character from a mediocre PG-13 film, and make a complete non-sequel while changing its tone to a PG-rated family movie.	NEG
The construction of the headsets is poor.	NEG
A world better than 95% of the garbage in the theatres today.	POS
Each track commands sentiment, actually contributing to the scenes and characters.	POS
It only recognizes the Phone as its storage device.	NEG
Which are small and not worth the price.	NEG
This results in the phone being either stuck at max volume or mute.	NEG
Jimmy Stewart is as ever a great hero for Hitchcock, the story rips along to its cool climax at an embassy function, but it lacks the brooding menace of Hitchcock's black and white, low-budget original.	POS
I would definitely recommend the Jabra BT250v for those who are looking for comfort, clarity and a great price!	POS
Then I exchanged for the same phone, even that had the same problem.	NEG
This is a great little item.	POS
BT50 battery junk!.	NEG
MANNA FROM HEAVEN is a terrific film that is both predictable and unpredictable at the same time.	POS
I don't think you will be disappointed.	POS
Plus, with the movie's rather modest budget and fast running time, it does an amazing job!	POS
Same evening, him and I are both drastically sick.	NEG
Unfortunately, it was not good.	NEG
Excellent product for the price.	POS
The selection of food was not the best.	NEG
You wont regret it!	POS
#1 It Works - #2 It is Comfortable.	POS
I'm happy about this purchase- good quality and low price.	POS
worthless product.	NEG
It was so funny.	POS
Best of luck to the rude and non-customer service focused new management.	NEG
A great touch.	POS
Nargile - I think you are great.	POS
Worth every penny.	POS
This movie is a pure disaster, the story is stupid and the editing is the worst I have seen, it confuses you incredibly.	NEG
She carries the movie well.	POS
I have to use the smallest earpieces provided, but it stays on pretty well.	POS
The Ngage is still lacking in earbuds.	NEG
They have a plethora of salads and sandwiches, and everything I've tried gets my seal of approval.	POS
It has been a winner for us.	POS
I have never had such bland food which surprised me considering the article we read focused so much on their spices and flavor.	NEG
Excellent wallet type phone case.	POS
It is unusable in a moving car at freeway speed.	NEG
It worked very well.	POS
steve martin delivers a really funny performance of a middle-aged, upper class, uptight white guy.	POS
This is such a fun and funny movie.	POS
We asked for the bill to leave without eating and they didn't bring that either.	NEG
Pretty cool I would say.	POS
Don't waste your money!.	NEG
Setup went very smoothly.	POS
My Sanyo has survived dozens of drops on blacktop without ill effect.	POS
The chipolte ranch dipping sause was tasteless, seemed thin and watered down with no heat.	NEG
Went for lunch - service was slow.	NEG
Not only did it only confirm that the film would be unfunny and generic, but it also managed to give away the ENTIRE movie; and I'm not exaggerating - every moment, every plot point, every joke is told in the trailer.	NEG
Nice case, feels good in your hands.	POS
The bottowm line...another worthless, cheap gimmick from Sprint.	NEG
They could serve it with just the vinaigrette and it may make for a better overall dish, but it was still very good.	POS
Terrible product, and waste of money!	NEG
The cashier had no care what so ever on what I had to say it still ended up being wayyy overpriced.	NEG
Design Flaw?.	NEG
As an earlier review noted, plug in this charger and nothing happens.	NEG
WARNING - DO NOT BUY!!.	NEG
Highly entertaining at all angles.	POS
The dining space is tiny, but elegantly decorated and comfortable.	POS
Warning - Stay away.	NEG
He really didn't seem to want to be hosting; his voice-overs were monotonous, didn't get involved with the guests.	NEG
As always the evening was wonderful and the food delicious!	POS
So bad...well...it's just bad.	NEG
I posted more detailed comments under the grey or black phone, but i have the Fire Red and it's a great color!	POS
Was not happy.	NEG
I find wasting food to be despicable, but this just wasn't food.	NEG
IT'S REALLY EASY.	POS
The desserts were a bit strange.	NEG
in addition it feels &amp; looks as if the phone is all lightweight cheap plastic.	NEG
Kind of hard to mess up a steak but they did.	NEG
They dropped more than the ball.	NEG
If I take a picture, the battery drops a bar, and starts beeping, letting me know its dieing.	NEG
Small, sleek, impressive looking, practical setup with ample storage in place.	POS
Crostini that came with the salad was stale.	NEG
Final Word: This Show is a real torture!!	NEG
The death row scenes were entirely unmoving.	NEG
I won't say any more - I don't like spoilers, so I don't want to be one, but I believe this film is worth your time.	POS
Very wind-resistant.	POS
If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!	NEG
Absolutely great.	POS
The camera on the phone may be used as a dustpan when indoors... I'd rather be using a disposable then this.	NEG
I had always known that Errol Flynn was a brilliant actor as he was my dads favourite actor, and I grew up watching his films as a child.	POS
I think that it is a must see older John Wayne film.	POS
Kids pizza is always a hit too with lots of great side dish options for the kiddos!	POS
Which has more depth and character than the man underneath it.	NEG
Do yourself a favor and stay away from this dish.	NEG
The results, well, are a shame.	NEG
It is practically useless and did not add any kind of boost to my reception after I bought it.	NEG
Aside from it's terrible lead, this film has loads of other debits.	NEG
If you stay in Vegas you must get breakfast here at least once.	POS
Now I know that I made a wise decision.	POS
But, in any case, the best part is, you can download these pictures to your laptop using IR, or even send pictures from your laptop to the phone.	POS
I can think of no other film where something vitally important occurs every other minute.	POS
I have 2-3 bars on my cell phone when I am home, but you cant not hear anything.	NEG
The warm beer didn't help.	NEG
Fantastic service here.	POS
This is a GREAT place to eat!	POS
The Veggitarian platter is out of this world!	POS
Crisp and Clear.	POS
The stories were powerful explorations of the nature of man and of art.	POS
VERY cheap plastic, creaks like an old wooden floor.	NEG
The salad had just the right amount of sauce to not over power the scallop, which was perfectly cooked.	POS
Google mediocre and I imagine Smashburger will pop up.	NEG
So good I am going to have to review this place twice - once hereas a tribute to the place and once as a tribute to an event held here last night.	POS
I love the ringtones because they are so upbeat!	POS
Excellently produced by one of Sci-fi's best producers Scot Vandiver !	POS
Very Very Disappointed ordered the $35 Big Bay Plater.	NEG
One of the worst shows of all time.	NEG
Best headset ever!!!.	POS
When I opened the sandwich, I was impressed, but not in a good way.	NEG
I'll put this gem up against any movie in terms of screenplay, cinematography, acting, post-production, editing, directing, or any other aspect of film-making.	POS
Bad Choice.	NEG
I came over from Verizon because cingulair has nicer cell phones.... the first thing I noticed was the really bad service.	NEG
Even in my BMW 3 series which is fairly quiet, I have trouble hearing what the other person is saying.	NEG
It's a great item.	POS
Nothing at all to recommend.	NEG
For those that haven't seen it, don't waste your time!	NEG
Cinematography noteworthy including fine views of Barcelona and its famed Gaudi towers.	POS
" I love it.	POS
The cinematography is simply stunning (to say the least) and the fx are nothing if not state-of-the-art.	POS
Worked perfectly!	POS
The transfers are very good.	POS
It rocked my world and is certainly a must see for anyone with no social or physical outlets.	POS
I got food poisoning here at the buffet.	NEG
In short, don't bother with this movie.	NEG
Defective crap.	NEG
The grilled chicken was so tender and yellow from the saffron seasoning.	POS
Very poor service.	NEG
The real disappointment was our waiter.	NEG
The movie I received was a great quality film for it's age.	POS
The selection was probably the worst I've seen in Vegas.....there was none.	NEG
Avoid at all costs.	NEG
dont buy it.	NEG
My brother in law who works at the mall ate here same day, and guess what he was sick all night too.	NEG
The phone gets EXTREMELY HOT!	NEG
However Paul Schrader has indeed made a film "about" Mishima that is both superb & complex.	POS
The seafood was fresh and generous in portion.	POS
You get extra minutes so that you can carry out the call and not get cut off."	POS
When my mom and I got home she immediately got sick and she only had a few bites of salad.	NEG
It's kind of embarrassing to use because of how it looks and mostly it's embarrassing how child-like the company is.	NEG
But it wasn't until I watched this film that I realised how great he actually was.	POS
There still are good actors around!	POS
The pairing of the two devices was so easy it barely took a couple minutes before I started making calls with the voice dialing feature.	POS
The only real effects work is the presence of all the animals, and the integration of those into the scenes is some of the worst and most obvious blue/green-screen work I've ever seen.	NEG
About half way through this film I started to dislike it.	NEG
Everything stinks.	NEG
I guess that nobody at the network that aired this dribble watched it before putting it on.	NEG
I LOVED their mussels cooked in this wine reduction, the duck was tender, and their potato dishes were delicious.	POS
AVOID THIS ESTABLISHMENT!	NEG
Weird vibe from owners.	NEG
Light weight, I hardly notice it is there.	POS
Very nice and relaxing late night viewing.	POS
I ordered the Voodoo pasta and it was the first time I'd had really excellent pasta since going gluten free several years ago.	POS
I was seated immediately.	POS
It's hard not to fall head-over-heels in love with that girl.	POS
The only downside is the service.	NEG
The cinematography-if it can be called that-sucked.	NEG
The story unfolds in 18th century Jutland and the use of period music played on period instruments is just one more fine touch.	POS
What I really like there is the crepe station.	POS
We received a WHITE colored battery that goes DEAD after a couple hoursTHe original used to last a week - but still lasts longer than thereplacement	NEG
Jamie Foxx absolutely IS Ray Charles.	POS
I am very happy	POS
Exceptionally bad!	NEG
The script is bad, very bad – it contains both cheesiness and unethical joke that you normally see in rated R or NC-17 movie.	NEG
He came running after us when he realized my husband had left his sunglasses on the table.	POS
This is a great restaurant at the Mandalay Bay.	POS
Awkward to use and unreliable.	NEG
In the summer, you can dine in a charming outdoor patio - so very delightful.	POS
I think i was one of the people who found this another one of roth's pearls.	POS
What a mistake.	NEG
Similarly, the delivery man did not say a word of apology when our food was 45 minutes late.	NEG
The screen size is big, key pad lit well enough, and the camera quality is excellent for a camera phone.	POS
It's so stupid to have to keep buying new chargers, car chargers, cradles, headphones and car kits every time a new phone comes out.	NEG
I understand that it's supposed to be a cheap popcorn comedy, but that doesn't mean that it has to completely insult our intelligence, and have writing so incredibly hackneyed that it borders on offensive.	NEG
For people who are first timers in film making, I think they did an excellent job!!	POS
The Malta settings are as dry and as barren as the dialogue.	NEG
The replacement died in a few weeks.	NEG
It was a bit too sweet, not really spicy enough, and lacked flavor.	NEG
It is very comfortable to wear as well, which is probably the most important aspect about using a case.	POS
I wasn't really impressed with Strip Steak.	NEG
All in all a beautiful directed film from Nicola's roeg wih a sublime cast.	POS
Your staff spends more time talking to themselves than me.	NEG
I want to first say our server was great and we had perfect service.	POS
But when I check voice mail at night, the keypad backlight turns off a few seconds into the first message, and then I'm lost.	NEG
the charger worked for about a week and then completely stopped charging my phone.	NEG
Then scene where they debated whether or not to sack the trumpeter (who falsely was accused for the murder) is pure horror, really stupid.	NEG
The film has an ultra-cheap look to it.	NEG
It has a very good plot, it holds your complete attention, the acting is superb, Tom Wilkinson was fantastic and Emily Watson was also very good.	POS
It's close to my house, it's low-key, non-fancy, affordable prices, good food.	POS
Much more interesting, more action, more suspense, and less of the unneeded controversy.	POS
for 40 bucks a head, i really expect better food.	NEG
Their daily specials are always a hit with my group.	POS
like the other reviewer said "you couldn't pay me to eat at this place again."	NEG
No buyers remorse on this one!.	NEG
I got to enjoy the seafood salad, with a fabulous vinegrette.	POS
Food arrived quickly!	POS
Never going back.	NEG
The descriptions said "yum yum sauce" and another said "eel sauce", yet another said "spicy mayo"...well NONE of the rolls had sauces on them.	NEG
For service, I give them no stars.	NEG
Wonderful lil tapas and the ambience made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside.	POS
No one at the table thought the food was above average or worth the wait that we had for it.	NEG
Great product, fast shipping!.	POS
This is probably one of the least effective and utterly unoriginal films I have ever seen in my entire life.	NEG
The fries were great too.	POS
I have this phone and it is a thorn in my side, I really abhor it.	NEG
The service was meh.	NEG
I believe that this place is a great stop for those with a huge belly and hankering for sushi.	POS
It is rare when a film-maker takes the time to tell a worthy moral tale with care and love that doesn't fall into the trap of being overly syrupy or over indulgent.	POS
We won't be going back anytime soon!	NEG
I'd rather eat airline food, seriously.	NEG
The film succeeds despite, or perhaps because of, an obviously meagre budget.	POS
None of them are engaging or exciting.	NEG
great...no problems at all!.	POS
This is definitely one of the better documentaries I have seen looking at family relationships and marriage.	POS
I guess maybe we went on an off night but it was disgraceful.	NEG
When I saw it in the theater I thought I was going to be sick.	NEG
Works great!.	POS
But other than that the movie seemed to drag and the heroes didn't really work for their freedom.	NEG
It is well made, easy to access the phone and has a handy, detachable belt clip.	POS
This is a great deal.	POS
Constantine gives everything the right intensity and seems to have a good understanding of the underlying psychological motivations.	POS
Horrible phone.	NEG
The speaker is of low quality so as making the ring tones sound very cheap.	NEG
Nothing special.	NEG
WAAAAAAyyyyyyyyyy over rated is all I am saying.	NEG
Everything about this film is simply incredible.	POS
One of the most boring,pointless movies I have ever seen.	NEG
Bland and flavorless is a good way of describing the barely tepid meat.	NEG
It's just adorable seeing Mickey playing "Turkey in the Straw" in a highly imaginative (if occasionally cruel) way.	POS
Food was really good and I got full petty fast.	POS
Poor quality.	NEG
John Wayne did an incredible job for being so young in the movie industry.	POS
This one works and was priced right.	POS
It's so bad it's actually worth seeing just for that reason.	NEG
the staff is friendly and the joint is always clean.	POS
It is a joy to use.	POS
I'm not sure what he was trying to do with this film.	NEG
I work in the hospitality industry in Paradise Valley and have refrained from recommending Cibo any longer.	NEG
It lasts less than 3o minutes, if I actually try to use the phone.My wife has the same phone with the same problem.	NEG
An Awesome New Look For Fall 2000!.	POS
The calls drop, the phone comes on and off at will, the screen goes black and the worst of all it stops ringing intermittently.	NEG
I can't tell you how disappointed I was.	NEG
The sets are so bad, they wouldn't look out of place on a Thunderbirds episode.	NEG
Left very frustrated.	NEG
is pretty funny.	POS
The movie was very interesting from beginning to the end.	POS
I don't each much pasta, but I love the homemade /hand made pastas and thin pizzas here.	POS
The food, amazing.	POS
I've lived here since 1979 and this was the first (and last) time I've stepped foot into this place.	NEG
All in all, I can assure you I'll be back.	POS
At first glance it is a lovely bakery cafe - nice ambiance, clean, friendly staff.	POS
The writer, Gorman Bechard, undoubtedly did his homework because all references are industry and character-age appropriate.	POS
Unfortunately, this is a bad movie that is just plain bad.	NEG
I'm still trying to get over how bad it was.	NEG
Excellent hands free tool.	POS
Item Does Not Match Picture.	NEG
The goat taco didn't skimp on the meat and wow what FLAVOR!	POS
Too politically correct.	NEG
The shower area is outside so you can only rinse, not take a full shower, unless you don't mind being nude for everyone to see!	NEG
I advise you to look out for it.	POS
Alexander Nevsky is a great film.	POS
It doesn't work in Europe or Asia.	NEG
I personally love the hummus, pita, baklava, falafels and Baba Ganoush (it's amazing what they do with eggplant!).	POS
Lucy Bell is so much higher than this crap and for her to sink this low is quite depressing.	NEG
Eclectic selection.	POS
Don't do it!!!!	NEG
I would recommend saving room for this!	POS
The only possible way this movie could be redeemed would be as MST3K fodder.	NEG
In the span of an hour, I had two people exclaim "Whoa - is that the new phone on TV?!?	POS
Our waiter was very attentive, friendly, and informative.	POS
There's barely a boring moment in the film and there are plenty of humorous parts.	POS
I got home to see the driest damn wings ever!	NEG
If you want to wait for mediocre food and downright terrible service, then this is the place for you.	NEG
Needless to say, we will never be back here again.	NEG
All in all, a great disappointment.	NEG
There is nothing privileged about working/eating there.	NEG
Worst Customer Service Ever.	NEG
The story line is just awful!	NEG
The cast is always entertaining as usual.	POS
I struggle to find anything bad to say about it.	POS
It was delicious!!!	POS
Unfortunately, any virtue in this film's production work was lost on a regrettable script.	NEG
Not easy to watch.	NEG
They do not last forever, but is not overly expensive to replace.Easy to operate and the sound is much better than others I have tried.	POS
Hawaiian Breeze, Mango Magic, and Pineapple Delight are the smoothies that I've tried so far and they're all good.	POS
He was terrible!	NEG
Iam very pleased with my purchase.	POS
I'm returning them.	NEG
Crash is a depressing little nothing, that provokes emotion, but teaches you nothing if you already know racism and prejudice are bad things.	NEG
Hitchcock is a great director.	POS
I consider this theft.	NEG
Very prompt service.	POS
Our server was very nice and attentive as were the other serving staff.	POS
Piece of trash.	NEG
This place is hands-down one of the best places to eat in the Phoenix metro area.	POS
This place is disgusting!	NEG
Not good by any stretch of the imagination.	NEG
Unfortunately it's easy to accidentally activate them with the gentle-touch buttons if you accidentally touch the phone to your face while listening.	NEG
Thank you for such great service.	POS
The service was poor and thats being nice.	NEG
AN HOUR... seriously?	NEG
The only thing worse than Taylor's acting was Stanwyck's singing.	NEG
(It works!)	POS
The Foreigner is not worth one second of your time.	NEG
Overall I wasn't very impressed with Noca.	NEG
you can even take self portraits with the outside (exterior) display, very cool.	POS
It's very slow.	NEG
Anyways, The food was definitely not filling at all, and for the price you pay you should expect more.	NEG
Regrettably, the film fails.	NEG
By the time the film ended, I not only disliked it, I despised it.	NEG
I'll be drivng along, and my headset starts ringing for no reason.	NEG
The characters are fleshed out surprisingly well, particularly Grimes and Blake, and all the actors deliver their sharply scripted lines with just the right amount of deadpan tongue in cheek to make the dialogue both hilarious and realistic.	POS
Judith Light is one of my favorite actresses and I think she does a superb job in this film!	POS
- They never brought a salad we asked for.	NEG
Now this dish was quite flavourful.	POS
We watched our waiter pay a lot more attention to other tables and ignore us.	NEG
I really recommend this faceplates since it looks very nice, elegant and cool.	POS
Can't upload ringtones from a third party.	NEG
I can assure you that you won't be disappointed.	POS
I know that Jim O'Connor was very energetic and that nobody could be as much as him, but George was well dull.	NEG
I had to walk out of the theatre for a few minutes just to get some relief!	NEG
The performances are real and gripping, the crocdodile is extremely well done, indeed if the Black Water website is to be believed that's because they used real crocs and the swamp location is fabulous.	POS
Blue Ant is easy to use.	POS
Trumbull on I LOVE LUCY).	POS
Works great.	POS
I give it 2 thumbs down	NEG
The characters are interesting and you want to find out more about them the longer the movie goes on, and I think people will be surprised by who does and doesn't make it.	POS
It is a true classic.	POS
Fantastic earphones.	POS
In fact, this stinker smells like a direct-to-video release.	NEG
clipping this to your belt will deffinitely make you feel like 50 cent's up-and-coming.	POS
Great Phone.	POS
I'll definitely be in soon again.	POS
I love being able to use one headset for both by land-line and cell.	POS
Not much dialogue, not much music, the whole film was shot as elaborately and aesthetically like a sculpture.	POS
We made the drive all the way from North Scottsdale... and I was not one bit disappointed!	POS
Some may say this buffet is pricey but I think you get what you pay for and this place you are getting quite a lot!	POS
Their Research and Development division obviously knows what they're doing.	POS
My phone sounded OK ( not great - OK), but my wife's phone was almost totally unintelligible, she couldn't understand a word being said on it.	NEG
I came back today since they relocated and still not impressed.	NEG
Excellent dual-purpose headset.	POS
The seasonal fruit was fresh white peach puree.	POS
None of the three sizes they sent with the headset would stay in my ears.	NEG
Tied to charger for conversations lasting more than 45 minutes.MAJOR PROBLEMS!!	NEG
We waited for thirty minutes to be seated (although there were 8 vacant tables and we were the only folks waiting).	NEG
Our server was fantastic and when he found out the wife loves roasted garlic and bone marrow, he added extra to our meal and another marrow to go!	POS
Very friendly staff.	POS
I hate those things as much as cheap quality black olives.	NEG
Poor service, the waiter made me feel like I was stupid every time he came to the table.	NEG
You get incredibly fresh fish, prepared with care.	POS
This is definitely one of the bad ones.	NEG
I was left shattered from the experience of watching this 'film' and I took a good two hours to fully recover.	NEG
Only had this a month but it's worked flawlessly so far.	POS
The mic is great.	POS
Big Disappointment with calendar sync.	NEG
The buffet is small and all the food they offered was BLAND.	NEG
This place has a lot of promise but fails to deliver.	NEG
Works for me.	POS
The Jamaican mojitos are delicious.	POS
I've never been treated so bad.	NEG
I highly recommend this device to everyone!	POS
But it wasn't anything at all just one big yawn...	NEG
The best electronics of the available FM Transmitters.	POS
I would highly recommend this.	POS
The last 15 minutes of movie are also not bad as well.	POS
However-the riingtones are not the best, and neither are the games.	NEG
No actress has been worse used that June Allison in this movie.	NEG
Food was delicious!	POS
This short film certainly pulls no punches.	NEG
In fact, I liked it better than Interview With a Vampire and I liked this Lestat (Stuart Townsend) better than Cruise's attempt.	POS
The "1.2" mega pixel camera, being a part of a phone, is reasonably good7.	POS
The restaurant is very clean and has a family restaurant feel to it.	POS
The Macarons here are insanely good.	POS
The scallop dish is quite appalling for value as well.	NEG
The only thing that I think could improve is the sound leaks out from the headset.	NEG
definitely will come back here again.	POS
It's very convenient and simple to use - gets job done & makes the car ride so much smoother.	POS
This is the kind of money that is wasted properly.	POS
Either way, it sucks.	NEG
I used to talk on it for 1 - 1 1/2 hours and the battery would be literally drained and dying.	NEG
CONCLUSION: Very filling meals.	POS
But if you liked movies like The Matrix (and better yet, their sequels) I think you'll appreciate the thought provoking, mindblowing experience this film will give you.	POS
In an interesting part of town, this place is amazing.	POS
The volume switch rocketed out of the unit to a destination unknown.	NEG
Everything about this product is wrong.First	NEG
Simply beautiful.	POS
Still, it was the SETS that got a big "10" on my "oy-vey" scale.	POS
Reversible plug works great.	POS
I'm so sorry but I really can't recommend it to anyone.	NEG
It took over 30 min to get their milkshake, which was nothing more than chocolate milk.	NEG
Extremely Tasty!	POS
I found this product to be waaay too big.	NEG
My sashimi was poor quality being soggy and tasteless.	NEG
Mediocre food.	NEG
It does everything the description said it would.	POS
This was like the final blow!	NEG
So just beware.	NEG
VERY comfortable.	POS
You can't relate with them, hell you barely can understand them.	NEG
I am so pleased to know such a modern day genius is out there , letting is passion for Art drive him and taking us as an audience with him.	POS
And his subtle connections between the three films are awesome.	POS
The waitress was friendly and happy to accomodate for vegan/veggie options.	POS
Waitress was good though!	POS
The dialogue sucked.	NEG
My girlfriend's veal was very bad.	NEG
The Heart Attack Grill in downtown Vegas is an absolutely flat-lined excuse for a restaurant.	NEG
It is a very well acted and done TV Movie.	POS
I love this phone , It is very handy and has a lot of features .	POS
All the characters in this film are tremendously well played.	POS
poor voice clarity.	NEG
Awful service.	NEG
When Achille and Philippa beautifully sing a duet from "Don Giovanni" that perfectly describes their situation in the movie, you appreciate the subtle layers of this excellent film.	POS
Great brunch spot.	POS
" With great sound effects, and impressive special effects, I can't recommend this movie enough.	POS
The acting sucked.	NEG
Arrived quickly and much less expensive than others being sold.	POS
A PIECE OF JUNK THAT BROKE AFTER BEING ON MY PHONE FOR 2 DAYS!!!	NEG
After I pulled up my car I waited for another 15 minutes before being acknowledged.	NEG
Wow... Loved this place.	POS
The soundtrack wasn't terrible, either.	POS
But "Tiny Toons" kept the 90's vibe and delivered one of the most popular, funny, and underrated cartoons ever created.	POS
Linked to my phone without effort.	POS
Everything was perfect the night we were in.	POS
On the ground, right next to our table was a large, smeared, been-stepped-in-and-tracked-everywhere pile of green bird poop.	NEG
They know how to make them here.	POS
The food is about on par with Denny's, which is to say, not good at all.	NEG
You share General Loewenhielm's exquisite joy in his partaking of the Cailles en Sarcophage even though you are just watching a movie - but you do wish for just a small sample to savor.	POS
Good service, very clean, and inexpensive, to boot!	POS
And considering the two of us left there very full and happy for about $20, you just can't go wrong.	POS
All I can do is whine on the Internet, so here it goes.The more I use the thing the less I like it.	NEG
jabra ear gels "R" the best!.	POS
Both do good jobs and are quite amusing.	POS
This phone tries very hard to do everything but fails at it's very ability to be a phone.	NEG
That's how I'd describe this painfully dreary time-waster of a film.	NEG
They keep getting better and better (this is my third one and I've had numerous Palms too).	POS
Also the area where my unit broke).- I'm not too fond of the magnetic strap.	NEG
This film (and I use that word loosely) is an insult to the movie-going public.	NEG
I never walked out of a movie faster.	NEG
I just saw this film and I recommend it.	POS
Horrible - don't waste your time and money.	NEG
Any ring tone..Overall good phone to buy..	POS
There were several moments in the movie that just didn't need to be there and were excruciatingly slow moving.	NEG
It would take too long to describe how bad my customer service experience has been with Amazon.	NEG
Very good lunch spot.	POS
Comfortable fit - you need your headset to be comfortable for at least an hour at a time, if not for an entire day.	POS
I don't know exactly what it is about this movie, but we latched on to this endearing movie and it has become a special part of our family's memories.	POS
The story is beyond stupid.	NEG
Do NOT buy if you want to use the holster.	NEG
Very, very sad.	NEG
If you haven't choked in your own vomit by the end (by all the cheap drama and worthless dialogue) you've must have bored yourself to death with this waste of time.	NEG
Plantronics Bluetooth Excelent Buy.	POS
It's very attractive and appears to be of good quality.	POS
Despite the pans of reviewers, I liked this movie.	POS
Everything Captain Howdy says is either laughable or just plain stupid.	NEG
good protection and does not make phone too bulky.	POS
The burger had absolutely no flavor - the meat itself was totally bland, the burger was overcooked and there was no charcoal flavor.	NEG
This movie is a good and humorous comment on life in 2006.	POS
Using all earpieces, left or right, this thing will not stay on my ear.	NEG
Earbud piece breaks easily.	NEG
Go rent it.	POS
I'm a bit disappointed.	NEG
the story which was told so eloquently by Francis ford Coppola 25 years earlier, really unfolds gradually and leaves room for the characters to develop.	POS
Absolutel junk.	NEG
This is definitely a cult classic well worth viewing and sharing with others.	POS
But this movie is not funny, considering the ridiculousness of it.	NEG
I even fully charged it before I went to bed and turned off blue tooth and wi-fi and noticed that it only had 20 % left in the morning.	NEG
Waited and waited and waited.	NEG
The plot - well, I said I'd let that one go.	NEG
No, I'm going to eat the potato that I found some strangers hair in it.	NEG
The acting was bad.	NEG
I loved it, it was really scary.	POS
5 stars for the brick oven bread app!	POS
I swung in to give them a try but was deeply disappointed.	NEG
Saggy, floppy piece of junk.	NEG
The black eyed peas and sweet potatoes... UNREAL!	POS
What possesed me to get this junk, I have no idea...	NEG
It features an outlandish array of memorable, psychotic but lovable nuts.	POS
Even allowing for poor production values for the time (1971) and the format (some kind of mini-series), this is baaaaaad.	NEG
The atmosphere here is fun.	POS
Don't buy this product - It fails!.	NEG
Utter crap.. Sound quality is TERRIBLE.	NEG
It's a mediocre, miserable, hollow, laughable and predictable piece of garbage.	NEG
The service was terrible, food was mediocre.	NEG
I will be back many times soon.	POS
Clear Skype Calls, Long Battery Life, Long Range.	POS
VERY DISAPPOINTED.	NEG
They brought a fresh batch of fries and I was thinking yay something warm but no!	NEG
So don't go there if you are looking for good food...	NEG
Excellent performance.	POS
& That movie was bad.	NEG
The pizza tasted old, super chewy in not a good way.	NEG
Your brain will attempt to shut-down as part of a primal impulse of self-preservation.	NEG
The service here leaves a lot to be desired.	NEG
The screen does get smudged easily because it touches your ear and face.	NEG
Tom Wilkinson's character is a man who is not prepared for the ordeal that is about to begin, but he takes the matter in hand as the story progresses, and this great actor gives a performance that makes you feel the character's anguish and suffering.	POS
This BlueAnt Supertooth hands-free phone speaker is AWESOME.	POS
Don't make the same mistake that I did and please don't buy this phone.	NEG
wont work right or atleast for me.	NEG
I've had this bluetoooth headset for some time now and still not comfortable with the way it fits on the ear.	NEG
Well... Just if you keep thinking how bad it is.	NEG
Kris Kristoffersen is good in this movie and really makes a difference.	POS
This movie is possibly one of the most creative works of horror ever.	POS
I ordered this product first and was unhappy with it immediately.	NEG
the movie is littered with overt racial slurs towards the black cast members and in return the whites are depicted as morons and boobs.	NEG
Their steaks are 100% recommended!	POS
none of the new ones have ever quite worked properly.	NEG
When I first watched this movie, in the 80s, I loved it.	POS
Does not work for listening to music with the cingular 8125.	NEG
This phone is pretty sturdy and I've never had any large problems with it.	POS
Nice, spicy and tender.	POS
Will be back again!	POS
Service is quick and even "to go" orders are just like we like it!	POS
The story line is totally predictable.	NEG
In particular the relationship between the bakery assistant and the waitress just didn't work for me at all.	NEG
It was horrible!.	NEG
Now the pizza itself was good the peanut sauce was very tasty.	POS
Even worse than Ticker!	NEG
Display is excellent and camera is as good as any from that year.	POS
Just really good.. So far, probably the best BT headset I have ever had.	POS
disappointing.	NEG
While you don't yet hear Mickey speak, there are tons of sound effects and music throughout the film--something we take for granted now but which was a huge crowd pleaser in 1928.	POS
Good beer & drink selection and good food selection.	POS
the phone was unusable and was not new.	NEG
Director Paul Matthews, who also wrote/directed the weak 1995 monster movie "Grim", clearly doesn't know how to pace his films.	NEG
Service is also cute.	POS
Great place to relax and have an awesome burger and beer.	POS
Overall, a great experience.	POS
The service was extremely slow.	NEG
i would advise to not purchase this item it never worked very well.	NEG
Good food , good service .	POS
I am not a filmmaker nor am I a director but I would hide my head in the sand if I'd spent whatever amount of money and time on this movie.	NEG
The cast of veteran actors are more than just a nostalgia trip.	POS
The battery life is highly unacceptable.	NEG
The crêpe was delicate and thin and moist.	POS
The loudspeaker option is great, the bumpers with the lights is very ... appealing.	NEG
The scenery that the two daughters paint and photograph are beautiful.	POS
Based on the sub-par service I received and no effort to show their gratitude for my business I won't be going back.	NEG
Whatever prompted such a documentary is beyond me!	NEG
I recently had problems where I could not stay connected for more than 10 minutes before being disconnected.	NEG
But I definitely would not eat here again.	NEG
We sat another ten minutes and finally gave up and left.	NEG
I get absolutely horrible reception in my apartment, where with other phones I have not had this problem.	NEG
Overall, I would recommend this phone over the new Walkman.	POS
We walked away stuffed and happy about our first Vegas buffet experience.	POS
Top line: Don't waste your time and money on this one, its as bad as it comes.	NEG
Its reception is very very poor.	NEG
They have horrible attitudes towards customers, and talk down to each one when customers don't enjoy their food.	NEG
Does everything it should and more.	POS
If there was ever a movie that needed word-of-mouth to promote, this is it.	POS
I cannot believe that the actors agreed to do this "film".	NEG
Verizon tech support walked my through a few procedures, none of which worked and I ended up having to do a hard re-set, wiping out all my data.	NEG
Her lines seem to have been WRITTEN by a fifteen year old, though they are trying oh so, so hard to sound like how a fifteen year old would really, um, you know, well... talk.	NEG
I paid the bill but did not tip because I felt the server did a terrible job.	NEG
His performance is simply genius.	POS
It just blew.	NEG
Also difficult to put on.I'd recommend avoiding this product.	NEG
It is easy to turn on and off when you are in the car and the volume controls are quite accessable.	POS
Both actors truly understand and become their particular character, delivering a convincing, sincere performance.	POS
I am going to have to be the first to negatively review this product.	NEG
i felt insulted and disrespected, how could you talk and judge another human being like that?	NEG
Ambience is perfect.	POS
The writers were "smack on" and I think the best actors and actresses were a bonus to the show.These characters were so real.	POS
It is PERFECT for a sit-down family meal or get together with a few friends.	POS
I had about two bites and refused to eat anymore.	NEG
I only used it two days, and it wasn't always easy to hear with.	NEG
If you have several dozen or several hundred contacts, then imagine the fun of sending each of them one by one.	NEG
Stopped by during the late May bank holiday off Rick Steve recommendation and loved it.	POS
I've bought $5 wired headphones that sound better than these.	NEG
What a waste of time!	NEG
Unfortunately it will not recharge my iPhone 4s, despite connecting it from multiple power sources (iMac, external battery, wall outlet, etc).	NEG
Very much disappointed with this company.	NEG
I dont think I will be back for a very long time.	NEG
I have to say that this film was excellently produced and tops the ratings as a typical sci fi film!	POS
It was that year, however, that reminded us that Huston was still at the top of his game as evinced by his faithful adaptation of James Joyce's acclaimed novella "The Dead.	POS
If you haven't gone here GO NOW!	POS
His on screen presence shined thought even though there were other senior actors on the screen with him.	POS
I mean, in a realistic world, she would NEVER have gotten into that ballet repertory... The whole thing was quite pathetic.	NEG
Fantastic buy and will get again for whatever my next phone is	POS
There is a brilliant twist ending.	POS
It never condescends, all the characters have good genuine hearts and believable problems.	POS
don't waste your money and time.	NEG
So mediocre in every aspect that it just becomes a dull, uninteresting mess, this is one of the most forgettable movies I've seen.	NEG
This item worked great, but it broke after 6 months of use.	NEG
I had high hopes for this place since the burgers are cooked over a charcoal grill, but unfortunately the taste fell flat, way flat.	NEG
Good case, Excellent value.	POS
So Far So Good!.	POS
This product is very High quality Chinese CRAP!!!!!!	NEG
You cant go wrong with any of the food here.	POS
Excellent bluetooth headset.	POS
add betty white and jean smart and you have a great cast - everyone played their parts really well.	POS
Also, the fries are without a doubt the worst fries I've ever had.	NEG
Best breakfast buffet!!!	POS
This is by far the worst purchase I've made on Amazon.	NEG
The plot is nonsense that doesn't interest in the slightest way or have any uniqueness to it.	NEG
Owner's are really great people.!	POS
Love This Phone.	POS
Those burgers were amazing.	POS
I would definitely recommend the wings as well as the pizza.	POS
Star Trek V The final Frontier is the worst in the series.	NEG
It was a pale color instead of nice and char and has NO flavor.	NEG
Nothing short of magnificent photography/cinematography in this film.	POS
That was funny.	POS
Sauce was tasteless.	NEG
But I don't like it.	NEG
It showed exactly how the government and the scientist argued for humanity and the reasons of the "gadget".	POS
Some highlights : Great quality nigiri here!	POS
Duris has a wholesome appearance and gives a fine performance.	POS
The Wind and the Lion is well written and superbly acted.	POS
Their network coverage in Los Angeles is horrible.	NEG
All in all its an insult to one's intelligence and a huge waste of money.	NEG
Last night was my second time dining here and I was so happy I decided to go back!	POS
It is just the sort of pap that is screened in the afternoon to punish the unemployed for not having jobs.	NEG
An hour and a half I wish I could bring back.	NEG
I really enjoyed eating here.	POS
One of the best mexican movies ever!, and one of the less understood, even by mexican themselves, no matter how identified the should have felt with it.	POS
I cannot make calls at certain places.	NEG
Of all the dishes, the salmon was the best, but all were great.	POS
My boyfriend tried the Mediterranean Chicken Salad and fell in love.	POS
Great time - family dinner on a Sunday night.	POS
The acting is fantastic, the stories are seamlessly woven together, and the dogs are splendid............. A must rent, view, or see.	POS
Unfortunately, we must have hit the bakery on leftover day because everything we ordered was STALE.	NEG
I totally and absolutely recommend this movie to anyone who likes good wholesome family movies because that is exactly what this is.	POS
I asked multiple times for the wine list and after some time of being ignored I went to the hostess and got one myself.	NEG
The BT headset was such a disapoinment.	NEG
This place is not worth your time, let alone Vegas.	NEG
But I thought his acting was skilled.	POS
This is one of the worst Sandra Bullock movie since Speed 2 But not quite that bad.	NEG
I didn't want the clip going over the top of my ear, causing discomfort.	NEG
It had some average acting from the main person, and it was a low budget as you clearly can see.	NEG
I can hear while I'm driving in the car, and usually don't even have to put it on it's loudest setting.	POS
Elias Koteas,Jack Palance play good roles Angelina is hot and gets naked.Billy Drago appears in this and is cool as usual + a cameo by Sven ole Thorsen helps make this a very enjoyable movie with good acting and a decent budget.	POS
Everything was gross.	NEG
My wife had the Lobster Bisque soup which was lukewarm.	NEG
So I had to take the battery out of the phone put it all back together and then restart it.	NEG
And it was boring.	NEG
The holster that arrived did not match the photo in the ad.	NEG
Bacon is hella salty.	POS
Before I go in to why I gave a 1 star rating please know that this was my third time eating at Bachi burger before writing a review.	NEG
Great movie!	POS
Leopard Print is wonderfully wild!.	POS
Also were served hot bread and butter, and home made potato chips with bacon bits on top....very original and very good.	POS
;) Recommend with confidence!	POS
but it is great, i would really recommend it	POS
(The bathroom is just next door and very nice.)	POS
Generally; it just lacked imagination.	NEG
All in all I give this one a resounding 9 out of 10.	POS
Great phone.	POS
It is wonderful and inspiring to watch, and I hope that it gets released again on to video or DVD.	POS
It's a long time since I was so entertained by a movie.	POS
From here on the Widmark character turns unintentionally comical!	NEG
The "explosion" of the Gas tanks at the end was just as awful.	NEG
If there were zero stars I would give it zero stars.	NEG
Never again will I be dining at this place!	NEG
I can barely ever hear on it and am constantly saying "what?"	NEG
A Lassie movie which should have been "put to sleep".... FOREVER.	NEG
Terrible phone holder.	NEG
I've dropped my phone more times than I can say, even on concrete and my phone is still great (knock on wood!).	POS
But what really made it unwatchable was the direction.	NEG
We had a group of 70+ when we claimed we would only have 40 and they handled us beautifully.	POS
The commercials are the most misleading.	NEG
Pretty good beer selection too.	POS
Plus, it's only 8 bucks.	POS
NOT WHAT I WANTED.	NEG
I have been in more than a few bars in Vegas, and do not ever recall being charged for tap water.	NEG
I saw this film over Christmas, and what a great film it was!	POS
The one big drawback of the MP3 player is that the buttons on the phone's front cover that let you pause and skip songs lock out after a few seconds.	NEG
The selection on the menu was great and so were the prices.	POS
Appears to actually outperform the original battery from China that came with my V325i.	POS
The waitress and manager are so friendly.	POS
Let's start with all the problems—the acting, especially from the lead professor, was very, very bad.	NEG
Then our food came out, disappointment ensued.	NEG
And the drinks are WEAK, people!	NEG
-My order was not correct.	NEG
Its a total package.	POS
Very bad Experience!	NEG
I wasn't the least bit interested.	NEG
Don't be afraid of subtitles........ its worth a little aversion therapy 10/10	POS
I'd advise anyone to go and see it.	POS
Buyer--Be Very Careful!!!!!.	NEG
I rather enjoyed it.	POS
) some great music, and terrific scenery.	POS
I was particularly pleased with the acting ability of Dwight Schultz.	POS
These are certainly very comfortable and functionality is decent.	POS
The CG opening sequence in space looked like it could have been created on Microsoft Slideshow for God's sake!	NEG
The service was a little slow , considering that were served by 3 people servers so the food was coming in a slow pace.	NEG
After receiving and using the product for just 2 days it broke.	NEG
They refuse to refund or replace.	NEG
We will not be coming back.	NEG
Barney is definitely super DE duper.	POS
Great audio!.	POS
My salad had a bland vinegrette on the baby greens and hearts of Palm.	NEG
Highly recommended for all ages, although the younger set will probably not appreciate some of the more subtle references, they will certainly appreciate one galley scene in particular!	POS
Will order from them again!	POS
If it were possible to give them zero stars, they'd have it.	NEG
The kids play area is NASTY!	NEG
Everything from acting to cinematography was solid.	POS
Highly unrecommended.	NEG
Good transmit audio.	POS
This is the place where I first had pho and it was amazing!!	POS
Looks good in the picture, but this case was a huge disappointment!!	NEG
I ate there twice on my last visit, and especially enjoyed the salmon salad.	POS
What a big waste of time.	NEG
I won't try going back there even if it's empty.	NEG
Probably not in a hurry to go back.	NEG
This may be the only bad film he ever made.	NEG
I just got bored watching Jessice Lange take her clothes off!	NEG
I highly recommend these and encourage people to give them a try.	POS
Really pleased with this product so far.	POS
The portion was huge!	POS
The service was not up to par, either.	NEG
I can take a little bad service but the food sucks.	NEG
Looks great and is strong."	POS
The best scene in the movie was when Gerardo is trying to find a song that keeps running through his head.	POS
It has northern humour and positive about the community it represents.	POS
I had to purchase a different case.	NEG
To be honest with you, this is unbelievable nonsense and very foolish.	NEG
Superb Phone on a Great Network.	POS
All the bread is made in-house!	POS
The things that the four kids get themselves into is absolutely hilarious to watch.	POS
But the acting--even that of such professionals as Drago and Debbie Rochon--was terrible, the directing worse (perhaps contributory to the former), the dialog chimp-like, and the camera work, barely tolerable.	NEG
Portable and it works.	POS
This movie suffered because of the writing, it needed more suspense.	NEG
I've missed numerous calls because of this reason.	NEG
That company is a joke.	NEG
The charger arrived within the promised timeframe, but it did not work.	NEG
The football scenes at the end were perplexing.	NEG
Be sure to order dessert, even if you need to pack it to-go - the tiramisu and cannoli are both to die for.	POS
All this movie does is make you sick watching all these slackers make excuses for their stupid actions for 90 minutes.	NEG
I've had better, not only from dedicated boba tea spots, but even from Jenni Pho.	NEG
This totally UNfunny movie is so over the top and pathetic and unrealistic that throughout the whole 90 minutes of utter torture I probably looked at my watch about 70000 times!	NEG
And the sound quality is great.	POS
Still Waiting...... I'm sure this item would work well.. if I ever recieve it!	NEG
It clicks into place in a way that makes you wonder how long that mechanism would last.	NEG
This is simply the BEST bluetooth headset for sound quality!	POS
However, I recently watched the whole thing again on DVD, and I was completely struck by how extremely stupid the storyline was - how it contained holes, inconsistencies and - frankly - a whole lot of crap - and how horrid the dancing was.	NEG
I love the Pho and the spring rolls oh so yummy you have to try.	POS
I own a Jabra Earset and was very happy with it, but the sound quality, especially outgoing, on this is better.	POS
It makes very strange ticking noises before it ends the call.	NEG
Shrimp- When I unwrapped it (I live only 1/2 a mile from Brushfire) it was literally ice cold.	NEG
Good show, Samsung.	POS
At first I thought I was grtting a good deal at $7.44, until I plugged it into my phone (V3c Razr).	NEG
Worked very well paired with a Treo 700w and as a Skype headset on my PC (using a USB Bluetooth transceiver).	POS
The scenes are often funny and occasionally touching as the characters evaluate their lives and where they are going.	POS
Boy was that sucker dry!!.	NEG
Cinematography: The film was shot in an interesting way.	POS
If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!	NEG
At a time when it seems that film animation has been dominated by Disney/Pixar's CGI masterpieces, it is both refreshing and comforting to know that Miyazaki is still relying on traditional hand-drawn animation to tell his charming and enchanting stories.	POS
It was so bad, I had lost the heart to finish it.	NEG
This does not fit the Palm Tungsten E2 and it broke the first time I tried to plug it in.	NEG
The plot, such as it is, is so derivative and predictable that the ending is like a mercy killing.	NEG
I purcashed this for the car charger and it does not work.	NEG
It works fine on my Motorola 325 cellphone, and a lot better than the worn-out battery did.	POS
Razr Battery - Good buy.	POS
One character is totally annoying with a voice that gives me the feeling of fingernails on a chalkboard.	NEG
The cashier was friendly and even brought the food out to me.	POS
Damn good steak.	POS
I could barely stomach the meal, but didn't complain because it was a business lunch.	NEG
I bought this to use with my Kindle Fire and absolutely loved it!	POS
if you simply want a small flip phone -- look elsewhere as the extra bells & whistles are mediocre.	NEG
It actually turned out to be pretty decent as far as B-list horror/suspense films go.	POS
This product is great... it makes working a lot easier I can go to the copier while waiting on hold for something.	POS
I ordered the Lemon raspberry ice cocktail which was also incredible.	POS
The problem was the script.	NEG
Not loud enough and doesn't turn on like it should.	NEG
Attempting artiness with black & white and clever camera angles, the movie disappointed - became even more ridiculous - as the acting was poor and the plot and lines almost non-existent.	NEG
His losing his marbles so early in the proceedings is totally implausible and unconvincing.	NEG
We loved the place.	POS
The cable looks so thin and flimsy, it is scary.	NEG
This little device has transformed my organizational capability and made my life a whole lot easier.	POS
AFter the first charge kept going dead after 12 minutes.	NEG
The film is well paced, understated and one of the best courtroom documentaries I've seen.	POS
I'll give this film 10 out of 10!	POS
I'm terribly disappointed that this film would receive so many awards and accolades, especially when there are far more deserving works of film out there.	NEG
" But "Storm Trooper" is not even bad enough to make it to the list of wonderfully terrible movies.	NEG
I don't know what happened in Season Five, what a mess.	NEG
My 5-year old Nokia 2160 from Tracfone holds the charge a lot better than this.	NEG
I like design and look of Jabra behing the ear headsets and 5020 is pretty comfortible to wear 24 hours a day without pain in the ear.	POS
Poor Talk Time Performance.	NEG
You'll love how thin it is.	POS
I saw this movie and I thought this is a stupid movie.	NEG
It's A PIECE OF CRAP!	NEG
I wasted my little money with this earpiece.	NEG
walked in and the place smelled like an old grease trap and only 2 others there eating.	NEG
It is very educational for children 1 to 8 years old.	POS
the only VERY DISAPPOINTING thing was there was NO SPEAKERPHONE!!!!	NEG
This place was such a nice surprise!	POS
I love their fries and their beans.	POS
My friend loved the salmon tartar.	POS
O my gosh the best phone I have ever had.	POS
The microphone also works well, but (according to people I have called) it applifies everything.	POS
first time there and might just be the last.	NEG
The price is reasonable and the service is great.	POS
Great software for Motorolas.	POS
Awful.	NEG
I love the Scream movies and all horror movies and this one ranks way up there.	POS
1. long lasting battery (you don't have to recharge it as frequentyly as some of the flip phones)2.	NEG
Feelings, thoughts...Gabriel's discomfort during the dance...all these intangibles leap to life and come within the viewer's grasp in Huston's portrayal.	POS
I liked the patio and the service was outstanding.	POS
I really hope the team behind this movie makes more movies, and that they will continue to do so in their own, some kinda weird style.	POS
I searched the Internet, and found this one to be the best value.	POS
every thing on phone work perfectly, she like it.	POS
The first time I ever came here I had an amazing experience, I still tell people how awesome the duck was.	POS
It really created a unique feeling though.	POS
Worst food/service I've had in a while.	NEG
This movie is terrible.	NEG
This product is ideal for people like me whose ears are very sensitive.	POS
We had fantastic service, and were pleased by the atmosphere.	POS
BLACK WATER is a thriller that manages to completely transcend it's limitations (it's an indie flick) by continually subverting expectations to emerge as an intense experience.	POS
This is a very "right on case" movie that delivers everything almost right in your face.	POS
The inside is really quite nice and very clean.	POS
The result is a powerhouse achievement, made more timely now perhaps because of our culture's disturbing fascination with celebrity, and it's distorted interpretations of fame.	POS
If you are Razr owner...you must have this!	POS
My husband and I ate lunch here and were very disappointed with the food and service.	NEG
It's a feel-good film and that's how I felt when I came out of the cinema!	POS
The telephone repair man was really funny and his reactions to the nuts and bitchy boss were truly genuine.	POS
The nano stated it.My son was dissapointed.	NEG
Go To Place for Gyros.	POS
Plus, it was well-paced and suited its relatively short run time.	POS
No shifting, no bubbling, no peeling, not even a scratch, NOTHING!I couldn't be more happier with my new one for the Droid.	POS
My phone doesn't slide around my car now and the grip prevents my phone from slipping out of my hand.	POS
2 thumbs up to this seller	POS
The worst phone I've ever had.... Only had it for a few months.	NEG
This place deserves no stars.	NEG
We had so much to say about the place before we walked in that he expected it to be amazing, but was quickly disappointed.	NEG
there are so many problems i dont know where to start.	NEG
the potatoes were great and so was the biscuit.	POS
Hence the whole story lacks a certain energy.	NEG
Not a weekly haunt, but definitely a place to come back to every once in a while.	POS
When I placed my treo into the case, not only was it NOT snug, but there was A LOT of extra room on the sides.	NEG
Friend's pasta -- also bad, he barely touched it.	NEG
Thank you for wasting my money.	NEG
I was mortified.	NEG
The bus boy on the other hand was so rude.	NEG
The food was great as always, compliments to the chef.	POS
This show is made for Americans - it is too stupid and full with hatred and clichés to be admitted elsewhere.	NEG
Buyer Beware, you could flush money right down the toilet.	NEG
There is simply no excuse for something this poorly done.	NEG
It is so small and you don't even realize that it is there after a while of getting used to it.	POS
Great phone!.	POS
The attractive set used throughout most of the film is an eye-pleasing gem.	POS
Total letdown, I would much rather just go to the Camelback Flower Shop and Cartel Coffee.	NEG
I don't have to be an accountant to know I'm getting screwed!	NEG
I miss it and wish they had one in Philadelphia!	POS
Today is the second time I've been to their lunch buffet and it was pretty good.	POS
Over rated.	NEG
This is an excellent tool, especially when paired with your phone's auto-answer.	POS
Waste of money.	NEG
It was either too cold, not enough flavor or just bad.	NEG
However, my recent experience at this particular location was not so good.	NEG
This place is awesome if you want something light and healthy during the summer.	POS
Great phone!.	POS
This second appearance of Mickey Mouse (following the silent PLANE CRAZY earlier that year) is probably his most famous film--mostly because it was so ground-breaking.	POS
Jawbone Era is awesome too!	POS
This place lacked style!!	NEG
Is it possible for a movie to get any worse than this?	NEG
After 3 months, screen just went black all of a sudden.	NEG
I'm super pissd.	NEG
Also the music by Mark Snow is possibly the best score I've ever heard.	POS
What happened next was pretty....off putting.	NEG
However, after finally watching this film, I realized that not only had I had a closed mind to the brilliance it depicts, I also found myself watching it over and over again.	POS
I like the fact that it rests lightly against your ear, rather than inside.	POS
Also, I feel like the chips are bought, not made in house.	NEG
The only thing I did like was the prime rib and dessert section.	POS
Paying $7.85 for a hot dog and fries that looks like it came out of a kid's meal at the Wienerschnitzel is not my idea of a good meal.	NEG
What on earth is Irons doing in this film?	NEG
Improper description.... I had to return it.	NEG
I am more than happy with this product.	POS
Product is exactly as described.	POS
The movie has almost no action scenes in it and very little comedy.	NEG
The steak and the shrimp are in my opinion the best entrees at GC.	POS
I even dropped this phone into a stream and it was submerged for 15 seconds and it still works great!	POS
I love this bluetooth!	POS
The internet access was fine, it the rare instance that it worked.	NEG
The place was not clean and the food oh so stale!	NEG
We waited for forty five minutes in vain.	NEG
How can that be?The audio quality is poor.	NEG
Prices are very reasonable, flavors are spot on, the sauce is home made, and the slaw is not drenched in mayo.	POS
I won't spoil it, but the ending in pretty amazing.	POS
This is a chilly, unremarkable movie about an author living/working in a chilly abstruse culture.	NEG
Awesome selection of beer.	POS
The battery runs down quickly.	NEG
Wow very spicy but delicious.	POS
Battery charge-life is quite long.	POS
All of the main players are mesmerising.	POS
the spaghetti is nothing special whatsoever.	NEG
First off the reception sucks, I have never had more than 2 bars, ever.	NEG
This movie is so mind-bendingly awful, it couldn't have even been created.	NEG
Overall, I don't think that I would take my parents to this place again because they made most of the similar complaints that I silently felt too.	NEG
This movie creates its own universe, and is fascinating in every way.	POS
I received my headset in good time and was happy with it.	POS
don't waste your money.	NEG
Nice design and quality.	POS
They have great dinners.	POS
That's right....the red velvet cake.....ohhh this stuff is so good.	POS
Save your money.... I've had this item for 11 months now.	NEG
That being said, for a phone, the camera is very nice; many cool effects to play with, and video is decent as well.	POS
Just consider the excellent story, solid acting and look of the film as added bonuses.	POS
It's the one movie that never ceases to interest me, simply because it keeps me alert, as I try to attempt to decipher it's meanings.	POS
The only reason to eat here would be to fill up before a night of binge drinking just to get some carbs in your stomach.	NEG
Woa, talk about awful.	NEG
Makes it easier to keep up with my bluetooth when I'm not wearing it.	NEG
The staff was very attentive.	POS
The picture resolution is far below what other comparably-priced phones are offering today.	NEG
I plugged it in only to find out not a darn thing worked.	NEG
There's a horrible tick sound in the background on all my calls that I have never experienced before.	NEG
Best Buffet in town, for the price you cannot beat it.	POS
Good Quality.	POS
Worst Thai ever.	NEG
Excellent starter wireless headset.	NEG
awesome device.	POS
Ordered an appetizer and took 40 minutes and then the pizza another 10 minutes.	NEG
But the premise of the film was so ridiculous: that the President of the U.S.	NEG
I was totally fascinated by the music, the dancing... everything.	POS
Another note about this phone's appearance is that it really looks rather bland, especially in the all black model.	NEG
Also, it's a real treat to see Anthony Quinn playing Crazy Horse.	POS
I received it quickly and it works great!!	POS
Why was this film made?	NEG
Best of all is the rotating feature, very helpful.	POS
This is hands down the best phone I've ever had.	POS
Long, whiny and pointless.	NEG
This place is pretty good, nice little vibe in the restaurant.	POS
The use of slow-motion needlessly repeats itself throughout the movie but is well backed up by bad acting (and bad is a kind word here), no continuity, scenes that are thrown in for no reason whatsoever, vehicles that looked like they were made from a Corn Flakes box and a directorial style that bordered on stupidity.	NEG
(My mother and brother had to do this)When I saw Robert Ryan portraying this type of man, it was a very good imitation of this type of individual, and I was impressed.	POS
The management is rude.	NEG
The two main characters may be two of the most believable children I ever saw put on screen.	POS
I love the decor with the Chinese calligraphy wall paper.	POS
Service was fantastic.	POS
The point is the journey, a journey that touches every member of the family.	POS
She is as lovely as usual, this cutie!	POS
The noise shield is incrediable.	POS
Never had anything to complain about here.	POS
Lousy product.	NEG
It's still wild stuff though and is highly recommended to fans of giallo cinema.	POS
It's PURE BRILLIANCE.	POS
Audio Quality is poor, very poor.	NEG
My colleague & I now get great reception.A little expensive, but performance is great.	POS
The hockey scenes are terrible, defensemen playing like they're 5 years old, goalies diving at shots that are 10 feet wide of the net, etc.	NEG
Everything worked on the first try.The device was certainly engineered in a clever way and the construction feels good.	POS
Virgin Wireless rocks and so does this cheap little phone!	POS
A mature, subtle script that suggests and occasionally brings into dramatic focus the underlying tensions is well served by perfect performances (apart from the odd inappropriate smiling that Keira Knightley is prone to, though perhaps under direction this time as the other characters themselves often mention it).	POS
Then I had to continue pairing it periodically since it somehow kept dropping.	NEG
It also had a new problem.	NEG
This is my new fav Vegas buffet spot.	POS
It kept getting worse and worse so now I'm officially done.	NEG
Food was great and so was the serivce!	POS
This film offers many delights and surprises.	POS
And the rest of it just sits there being awful... with soldiers singing songs about the masculinity they pledge themselves to, hairsplitting about purity, the admiration of swords, etc.	NEG
Overall, a delight!	POS
Nine out of ten for a truly lovely film.	POS
Will never, ever go back.	NEG
The shrimp tender and moist.	POS
The chains, which I'm no fan of, beat this place easily.	NEG
I have had problems wit hit dropping signal and more.	NEG
Excellent sound, battery life and inconspicuous to boot!.	POS
I advise EVERYONE DO NOT BE FOOLED!	NEG
I was very disappointed in the movie.	NEG
This case has passed the one year mark and while it shows signs of wear, it is 100% functional.	POS
This is actually a very smart movie.	POS
No additional ear gels provided, and no instructions whatsoever.	NEG
I wish I could enter negative values, admins?	NEG
I was very excited to get this headset because I thought it was really cute.	POS
Clear crisp sound.	POS
As for the killer, don't expect anything original or even remotely frightening.	NEG
No ear loop needed, it's tiny and the sound is great.	POS
But even the talented Carrell can't save this.	NEG
T-Mobile has the best customer service anywhere.	POS
The sangria was about half of a glass wine full and was $12, ridiculous.	NEG
Worse, there's an incredibly weak sub-plot thrown in that follows a little band of latter-day Mansonites as they go after a reporter who's working on a story on the anniversary of the killings.	NEG
It was a great phone.	POS
The best place in Vegas for breakfast (just check out a Sat, or Sun.	POS
Thanks good a movie like this was done and released.	POS
The phone takes FOREVER to charge like 2 to 5 hours literally.	NEG
As a sushi lover avoid this place by all means.	NEG
The turkey and roast beef were bland.	NEG
The deal included 5 tastings and 2 drinks, and Jeff went above and beyond what we expected.	POS
Give it a try, you will be happy you did.	POS
I don't think I'll be running back to Carly's anytime soon for food.	NEG
Logitech Bluetooth Headset is a 10!.	POS
An absolute must visit!	POS
Both of the egg rolls were fantastic.	POS
See it with your kids if you have a chance--it will open up some amazing dialog about how far race relations have come in the last 50 years.	POS
The film has great actors, a master director, a significant theme--at least a would-be significant theme, undertone of fifties existential world-weariness, aerial scenes that ought to have thrilled both senses and imagination, and characters about which one might deeply care.	POS
Not worth it.	NEG
Hard to judge whether these sides were good because we were grossed out by the melted styrofoam and didn't want to eat it for fear of getting sick.	NEG
Piece of Junk.	NEG
To my disbelief, each dish qualified as the worst version of these foods I have ever tasted.	NEG
I always order from the vegetarian menu during dinner, which has a wide array of options to choose from.	POS
As many people complained, I found this headset's microphone was very weak.	NEG
I put the latest OS on it (v1.15g), and it now likes to slow to a crawl and lock up every once in a while.	NEG
Here, in The Wind and the Lion, we see a wonderful rendering of America's own Imperial age.	POS
The staff are also very friendly and efficient.	POS
After watching this film, I wanted to learn more about the works of this artist.	POS
Service stinks here!	NEG
Check it out.	POS
The wontons were thin, not thick and chewy, almost melt in your mouth.	POS
However, after seeing the short again after about 25 years, I was amazed at how timeless the film actually is.	POS
We started with the tuna sashimi which was brownish in color and obviously wasn't fresh.	NEG
Better than you'd expect.	POS
But the convoluted plot just didn't convince me, and much of the film was watched with a weird, questioning glance.	NEG
Great food and great service in a clean and friendly setting.	POS
Other than that, the leather is nice and soft; the fit is very tight; the cut out for the face is a good shape.	POS
I had the chicken Pho and it tasted very bland.	NEG
It's too bad the food is so damn generic.	NEG
If this premise sound stupid, that's because it is.	NEG
The food sucked, which we expected but it sucked more than we could have imagined.	NEG
Love it.. Great armband.	POS
Technically, the film is well made with impressive camera-work, solid acting and effective music from Riz Ortolani – particularly good is a recurring unaccompanied female vocal that sounds like it's coming from a distant hill.	POS
Food is way overpriced and portions are fucking small.	NEG
I can't use this case because the smell is disgusting.	NEG
I started this review with two stars, but I'm editing it to give it only one.	NEG
Bad characters, bad story and bad acting.	NEG
He surely doesn't know how to make a coherent action movie from the screenwriter of Air Force One who was only obliged to write the script just for a big sum of money.	NEG
Adapter does not provide enough charging current.	NEG
The chips and sals a here is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	POS
The acting was bad, the dialogs were extremely shallow and insincere.	NEG
It plays louder than any other speaker of this size; the price is so low that most would think the quality is lacking, however, it's not.	POS
Wasted two hours.	NEG
Bad Purchase.	NEG
If only someone involved with it knew how to string together narrative!	NEG
Protects the phone on all sides.	POS
REAL sushi lovers, let's be honest - Yama is not that good.	NEG
Better Than New.	POS
Don't trust their website and don't expect any helpful support.	NEG
However, after about a year, the fliptop started to get loose and wobbly and eventually my screen went black and I couldn't receive and place calls.	NEG
See both films if you can.	POS
The service here is fair at best.	NEG
-Drinks took close to 30 minutes to come out at one point.	NEG
The headset fulfills my requirements so I am happy with my purchase.	POS
It is not just a cult... it is a cult CLASSIC.	POS
Again, no plot at all.	NEG
this is the worst sushi i have ever eat besides Costco's.	NEG
It crackles with an unpredictable, youthful energy - but honestly, i found it hard to follow and concentrate on it meanders so badly.	NEG
However, this didn't make up for the fact that overall, this was a tremendously boring movie.	NEG
Clever and a real crowd-pleaser--this film still ranks among Mickey's best films even after 80 wonderful years.	POS
Unfortunately, inexperience of direction meant that scene after scene passed with little in the way of dramatic tension or conflict.	NEG
The keyboard is really worthwhile in usefulness and is sturdy enough I don't expect any problems.	POS
Perfect for the PS3.	POS
What is even more stupid is that who had thought an idea that there should be a volcano in Los Angeles?	NEG
I thought it was bad.	NEG
Not nearly as good looking as the AMAZON picture makes it look.	NEG
It deserves strong love.	POS
Always a pleasure dealing with him.	POS
I seriously cannot believe that the owner has so many unexperienced employees that all are running around like chickens with their heads cut off.	NEG
Great Pizza and Salads!	POS
This is an Outstanding little restaurant with some of the Best Food I have ever tasted.	POS
The chips that came out were dripping with grease, and mostly not edible.	NEG
From what my dinner companions told me...everything was very fresh with nice texture and taste.	POS
however, my girl was complain that some time the phone doesn't wake up like normal phone does.	NEG
The interplay between Martin and Emilio contains the same wonderful chemistry we saw in Wall Street with Martin and Charlie.	POS
But then they came back cold.	NEG
I don't think I've ever seen a movie half as boring as this self-indulgent piece of junk.	NEG
Gets a signal when other Verizon phones won't.	POS
I love my 350 headset.. My Jabra350 bluetooth headset is great, the reception is very good and the ear piece is a comfortable fit.	POS
The food was excellent and service was very good.	POS
I have bought this Nokia cell phone a few weeks ago and it was a nightmare.	NEG
I was not happy with this item.	NEG
Unreliable - I'm giving up.	NEG
there is no real plot.	NEG
For that, it's worth checking out.	POS
Today the graphics are crap.	NEG
its a little geeky but i think thats its sex on toast and it rocks and oozes sex right down to its battery embedded sleek stylish leather case.	POS
Food was so gooodd.	POS
Bluetooth does not work, phone locks up, screens just flash up and now it just makes calls randomly while in my pocket locked.	NEG
When I received my Pita it was huge it did have a lot of meat in it so thumbs up there.	POS
The chefs were friendly and did a good job.	POS
Service is friendly and inviting.	POS
It looses connection to the phone even when it is within a couple feet between the two.	NEG
The directing seems too pretentious.	NEG
As they say in Canada, This is the fun game, aye.	POS
great headset, very impressed - H500.	POS
Lately they have been extremely nice and helpful on the phone.	POS
I got the car charger and not even after a week the charger was broken...I went to plug it in and it started smoking.	NEG
Each day of the week they have a different deal and it's all so delicious!	POS
The acting sucks, the music sucks, the script sucks, the pacing sucks, the special FX suck, the directing sucks... basically, this movie sucks.	NEG
I received my supposedly new motorola 375 and apparently there was not a match between the phone and the charger.	NEG
We waited an hour for what was a breakfast I could have done 100 times better at home.	NEG
The waiter wasn't helpful or friendly and rarely checked on us.	NEG
An Italian reviewer called this "a small, great film," and that's right.	POS
The Songs Were The Best And The Muppets Were So Hilarious.	POS
This is a great product..... sure beats using your fingers!.	POS
Your servers suck, wait, correction, our server Heimer sucked.	NEG
The only thing I wasn't too crazy about was their guacamole as I don't like it puréed.	NEG
The plot simply rumbles on like a machine, desperately depending on the addition of new scenes.	NEG
did not like at all.	NEG
It was a riot to see Hugo Weaving play a sex-obsessed gay real estate salesman who uses his clients' houses for his trysts with the flaming Darren (Tom Hollander).	POS
Battery lasts only a few hours.	NEG
I had to go to a store and bought a new NOKIA phone which is working great.	POS
The pan cakes everyone are raving about taste like a sugary disaster tailored to the palate of a six year old.	NEG
It's NOT hard to make a decent hamburger.	NEG
Worst customer service.	NEG
Nice headphones for the price and they work great!	POS
Good product - incredible value.	POS
Very unreliable service from T-mobile !	NEG
It is a film about nothing, just a pretext to show ridiculous action scenes.	NEG
Won't go back.	NEG
I love this device.	POS
We thought you'd have to venture further away to get good sushi, but this place really hit the spot that night.	POS
This movie was kind of long in length, but I enjoyed every minute of it.	POS
The script looks as if only a rough draft was written and shooting began before a finished script was completed.	NEG
10/10	POS
It's AGGRAVATING!	NEG
And the chef was generous with his time (even came around twice so we can take pictures with him).	POS
They really want to make your experience a good one.	POS
So they performed.	POS
Great for using with your home stereo.	POS
The camera really likes her in this movie.	POS
Cheap but hey it works.. Was pleasantly suprised given the low cost of this item.	POS
REALLY UGLY.	NEG
A standout scene.	POS
Restaurant is always full but never a wait.	POS
Loved it...friendly servers, great food, wonderful and imaginative menu.	POS
I've had no trouble accessing the Internet, downloading ringtones or performing any of the functions.	POS
Having to humour him just to get by and get through the day was so apt.	POS
Sooooo good!!	POS
A film not easily forgotten.	POS
Im in AZ all the time and now have my new spot.	POS
Service was fine and the waitress was friendly.	POS
Talk about USELESS customer service.	NEG
He owns the film, just as Spacek owned "Coal Miner's Daughter" and Quaid owned "Great Balls of Fire.	POS
Linksys should have some way to exchange a bad phone for a refurb unit or something!	NEG
I thought Errol Flynn was brilliant as Custer and has since become my favourite actor!	POS
Disappointed!.	NEG
We recently witnessed her poor quality of management towards other guests as well.	NEG
Secondly, Hitchcock pretty much perfected the thriller and chase movie.	POS
I'm a big fan of this series mostly due to Anne Rice's style, sensitivities and treatments.	POS
She ordered a toasted English muffin that came out untoasted.	NEG
I've seen soap operas more intelligent than this movie.	NEG
Don't make the same mistake I did.	NEG
All it took was one drop from about 6 inches above the kitchen counter and it was cracked.I am not impressed and I am not laughing.	NEG
A fantastic neighborhood gem !!!	POS
Cumbersome design.	NEG
Host staff were, for lack of a better word, BITCHES!	NEG
All things considered, a job very well done.	POS
the food is not tasty at all, not to say its "real traditional Hunan style".	NEG
camera color balance is AWFUL.	NEG
And I forgot: The Casting here i superb, with Trond Fausa Aurvåg being perfect in the role as the Bothersome Man, who doesn't understand where he is, what he is doing and why.	POS
How this piece of trash was ever released is beyond me: the acting, the story, the characters, the supposedly special effects, etc...it's ALL wrong.	NEG
Would not recommend to others.	NEG
I found this place by accident and I could not be happier.	POS
Insults, profound deuchebaggery, and had to go outside for a smoke break while serving just to solidify it.	NEG
The phone can also take great pictures and even video clips.	POS
Talk about great customer service of course we will be back.	POS
Ordered burger rare came in we'll done.	NEG
By the time the pyromaniac waylaid the assistant I was bored and didn't care what happened next and so I switched off.	NEG
Not frightening in the least, and barely comprehensible.	NEG
Then the film just dropped the ball.	NEG
My drink was never empty and he made some really great menu suggestions.	POS
I will never go back to this place and will never ever recommended this place to anyone!	NEG
Rip off---- Over charge shipping.	NEG
Very well made and fits my Surefire GX2 perfectly.	POS
Penne vodka excellent!	POS
I especially liked the non-cliche choices with the parents; in other movies, I could predict the dialog verbatim, but the writing in this movie made better selections.	POS
I bought this phone as a replacement for my StarTac and have regretted it since.	NEG
Not a good item.. It worked for a while then started having problems in my auto reverse tape player.	NEG
For readers who have already seen one of Miyazaki's films: he is still in top form and made another worthwhile experience.	POS
Integrated seamlessly with the Motorola RAZR phone.	POS
Once you get inside you'll be impressed with the place.	POS
This one is simply a disappointment.	NEG
* Both the Hot & Sour & the Egg Flower Soups were absolutely 5 Stars!	POS
This is was due to the fact that it took 20 minutes to be acknowledged, then another 35 minutes to get our food...and they kept forgetting things.	NEG
The biggest complaint I have is, the battery drains superfast.	NEG
The plantains were the worst I've ever tasted.	NEG
This particular model would not work with my Motorola Q smartphone.	NEG
Went in for happy hour, great list of wines.	POS
My gyro was basically lettuce only.	NEG
This frog phone charm is adorable and very eye catching.	POS
But this movie is definitely a below average rent.	NEG
You truly take this journey through the eyes and soul of a child.	POS
Treo and T-Mobile refused to replace it again and forced me to buy another phone without any kind of upgrade discount.	NEG
10 out of 10 stars.	POS
It's as continuously beautiful to look at as a Bertolucci, but the relationships here are more convincing and the narrative more engaging than some of that master's work.	POS
I've never been more insulted or felt disrespected.	NEG
Sprint - terrible customer service.	NEG
The service was a bit lacking.	NEG
Coming here is like experiencing an underwhelming relationship where both parties can't wait for the other person to ask to break up.	NEG
a drive thru means you do not want to wait around for half an hour for your food, but somehow when we end up going here they make us wait and wait.	NEG
Waiter was a jerk.	NEG
I probably would not go here again.	NEG
I had ordered a motorola data cable, got a very well finished and working product.	POS
Please stay away from the shrimp stir fried noodles.	NEG
I agree with Jessica, this movie is pretty bad.	NEG
Its not user friendly.	NEG
The reception has been generally good.	POS
Main thing I didn't enjoy is that the crowd is of older crowd, around mid 30s and up.	NEG
It's practically perfect in all of them – a true masterpiece in a sea of faux "masterpieces.	POS
They could be used as exemplars for any set designer.	POS
Beware: this is not a trashy cult movie, this is trash -period!	NEG
On the good side, the staff was genuinely pleasant and enthusiastic - a real treat.	POS
I usually don't like headbands but this one is very lightweight & doesn't mess up my hair.	POS
If someone orders two tacos don't' you think it may be part of customer service to ask if it is combo or ala cart?	NEG
Very Displeased.	NEG
The battery works great!	POS
Very true to Shakespear, and a 'must' for all Shakespear fans.	POS
Not too screamy not to masculine but just right.	POS
Worst martini ever!	NEG
Both Rickman and Stowe play their roles to the hilt in this tale of a childrens' book writer who-- maybe?-- has written a subversive tract.	POS
Great steak, great sides, great wine, amazing desserts.	POS
It was a long time that i didn't see a so charismatic actor on screen.	POS
I felt asleep the first time I watched it, so I can recommend it for insomniacs.	NEG
Works great, when my cat attacked the phone he scratched the protective strip instead of destroying the screen.	POS
I love this place.	POS
Service was excellent and prices are pretty reasonable considering this is Vegas and located inside the Crystals shopping mall by Aria.	POS
This is high adventure at its best.	POS
Then, as if I hadn't wasted enough of my life there, they poured salt in the wound by drawing out the time it took to bring the check.	NEGI left the theater with a lilt in my step, joy in my heart and hope for the human race.	POS
Great Value.	POS
First of all, it doesn't wear well.	NEG
Love this place, hits the spot when I want something healthy but not lacking in quantity or flavor.	POS
Bad script, bad direction and horrible acting make this one plain bad!	NEG
The directing and the cinematography aren't quite as good.	NEG
Does Not Work.	NEG
This movie is excellent!Angel is beautiful and Scamp is adorable!His little yelps when hes scared,and the funniest parts are when:Scamp is caught under the curtain and when Angel and Scamp are singing 'Ive Never Had This Feeling Before'.I totally recommend this movie,its coming out on special edition on June 20.The cover has scamp on a garbage can and Angel underneath the lid.	POS
very slow at seating even with reservation.	NEG
stay away from this store, be careful.	NEG
Easy to pair with my Samsung Cell.	POS
You won't be disappointed.	POS
Not enough volume.	NEG
I literally vomited while watching this film.	NEG
AMAZON SUCKS.	NEG
And the red curry had so much bamboo shoots and wasn't very tasty to me.	NEG
Being a 90's child, I truly enjoyed this show and I can proudly say that I enjoyed it big time and even more than the classical WB cartoons.	POS
An excellent new restaurant by an experienced Frenchman.	POS
Great Hands Free Device.	POS
The art style has the appearance of crayon/pencil drawings and is wonderfully colorful and fanciful.	POS
Yes, this film does require a rather significant amount of puzzle-solving, but the pieces fit together to create a beautiful picture.	POS
putting the race card aside, lets look at the major flaw in the film: they destroy latifa's character.	NEG
It was extremely "crumby" and pretty tasteless.	NEG
What a great double cheeseburger!	POS
Everyone is very attentive, providing excellent customer service.	POS
This allows the possibility of double booking for the same date and time after the first.	NEG
The phone loads super!	POS
The budget was evidently very limited.	NEG
The kids are annoying.	NEG
My boyfriend and I came here for the first time on a recent trip to Vegas and could not have been more pleased with the quality of food and service.	POS
I will never forget it now.	POS
That just SCREAMS "LEGIT" in my book...somethat's also pretty rare here in Vegas.	POS
Wow, what a bad film.	NEG
Summary: The witticisms weren't witty.	NEG
i wouldnt see this movie again for free.	NEG
Spend your money and time some place else.	NEG
The most annoying thing about 'Cover Girl' is the way in which Rita Hayworth is put up on a pedestal.	NEG
Very disappointing!!!	NEG
I connected my wife's bluetooth,(Motorola HS850) to my phone and it worked like a charm whether the phone was in my pocket or the case.	POS
How awesome is that.	POS
Overall, this movie was cheap trash.	NEG
I won't be back.	NEG
I think the most wonderful parts (literally, full of "wonder") are the excerpts from his works.	POS
The range is very decent, I've been able to roam around my house with the phone in the living room with no reception/sound quality issues.	POS
The design is very odd, as the ear "clip" is not very comfortable at all.	NEG
A usable keyboard actually turns a PDA into a real-world useful machine instead of just a neat gadget.	POS
The service was terrible though.	NEG
If you want a real scare rent this one!	POS
DELETE this film from your mind!	NEG
And those baby owls were adorable.	POS
I really like this product over the Motorola because it is allot clearer on the ear piece and the mic.	POS
Victor McLaglen was even bad, and Brian DonLevy was almost unrecognizable.	NEG
The casting is also horrible, cause all you see is a really really BAD Actors, period.	NEG
Things that went wrong: - They burned the saganaki.	NEG
I liked the way Dustin Hoffman's character was ready to do just about everything to stay with his son.	POS
My headset works just peachy-keen.	POS
Good product, good seller.	POS
Join the club and get awesome offers via email.	POS
On three different occasions I asked for well done or medium well, and all three times I got the bloodiest piece of meat on my plate.	NEG
I came out of it feeling angry.	NEG
I love that they put their food in nice plastic containers as opposed to cramming it in little paper takeout boxes.	POS
A good film by a great director!	POS
Kind of flops around.	NEG
If you want a sandwich just go to any Firehouse!!!!!	POS
You can't beat the price on these.	POS
The least said about the acting the better.	NEG
Also great directing and photography.	POS
Great Pocket PC / phone combination.	POS
The folks at Otto always make us feel so welcome and special.	POS
Camerawork - again, bad.	NEG
My sister has one also and she loves it.	POS
I have to jiggle the plug to get it to line up right to get decent volume.	NEG
I think it was Robert Ryans best film, because he portrayed someone like my father, and he was a schizophrenic in real life,(my father) although he never murdered anyone but was affected more so during the second world war which made him worse.	POS
The acting by the whole cast could be put on a scale and balanced perfectly between overacting and underacting.	NEG
I love this cable - it allows me to connect any mini-USB device to my PC.	POS
She was quite disappointed although some blame needs to be placed at her door.	NEG
I will not be eating there again.	NEG
Awsome Device Works Great!!.	POS
We definately enjoyed ourselves.	POS
I don't like this Nokia either.	NEG
The chicken dishes are OK, the beef is like shoe leather.	NEG
Thoroughly disappointed!	NEG
Doesn't do the job.	NEG
Bad day or not, I have a very low tolerance for rude customer service people, it is your job to be nice and polite, wash dishes otherwise!!	NEG
Too bad you have to pay up to $$$ a month for the service!	NEG
This product is clearly not ready for prime time, I don't care how cool it looks, if you can't tell a call is coming in it's worthless.	NEG
They work about 2 weeks then break.	NEG
And I really did find them funny.	POS
Lot of holes in the plot: there's nothing about how he became the emperor; nothing about where he spend 20 years between his childhood and mature age.	NEG
These were so good we ordered them twice.	POS
fast service.	POS
Great price, too!	POS
I will not return.	NEG
Even Billy Bob couldn't rise above the script, which was worse.	NEG
Yes, it's that bad.	NEG
Not only will it drain your player, but may also potentially fry it.	NEG
There was NO chemistry between Ben Affleck and Sandra Bullock in this film, and I couldn't understand why he would consider even leaving his wife-to-be for this chick that he supposedly was knocked out by.	NEG
There is no plot here to keep you going in the first place.	NEG
First - the bathrooms at this location were dirty- Seat covers were not replenished & just plain yucky!!!	NEG
Hell no will I go back	NEG
And service was super friendly.	POS
I'd love to go back.	POS
What did bother me, was the slow service.	NEG
I really liked that.	POS
Restored my phone to like new performance.	POS
Its well-designed and very sharp -- the blue is a very nice color.	POS
Angus Scrimm also turns in a good performance in a somewhat brief but memorable role as the gently menacing, violin-playing anatomist Doctor Quinn.	POS
Waited 2 hours & never got either of our pizzas as many other around us who came in later did!	NEG
Very disappointing.	NEG
THAT one didn't work either.	NEG
Really good product.	POS
We are so glad we found this place.	POS
Enough can not be said of the remarkable animation in this film.	POS
Their menu is diverse, and reasonably priced.	POS
There's also enough hypocrisy in this film to make me vomit.	NEG
Hackneyed writing, certainly, but made even worse by the bad directing.	NEG
I guess I should have known that this place would suck, because it is inside of the Excalibur, but I didn't use my common sense.	NEG
Lastly, the mozzarella sticks, they were the best thing we ordered.	POS
The sets (especially designed to work with the camera) are amazing....stylized, beautiful and effective.	POS
Just what I wanted.	POS
I hate to disagree with my fellow Yelpers, but my husband and I were so disappointed with this place.	NEG
Try them in the airport to experience some tasty food and speedy, friendly service.	POS
High-quality chicken on the chicken Caesar salad.	POS
I do not know if this was Emilio Estevez's directorial debut, but the pacing, the interplay and development of the characters as well as some clever camera work surrounding the character Estevez plays all suggest a natural eye.	POS
Avoid at any and all costs.	NEG
Good prices.	POS
However, there was so much garlic in the fondue, it was barely edible.	NEG
Regardless, the film fails on most levels.	NEG
Disappointed with battery.	NEG
Call me a nut, but I think this is one of the best movies ever.	POS
VERY funny!	POS
The only consistent thread holding the series together were the amazing performances of Leni Parker and Anita LaSelva as the two Taelons in quiet idealogical conflict.	NEG
I paid too much.	NEG
I highly recommend this modest priced cellular phone.	POS
At no point in the proceedings does it look remotely like America.	NEG
It was a good thing that the tickets only cost five dollars because I would be mad if I'd have paid $7.50 to see this crap.	NEG
The suspense builders were good, & just cross the line from G to PG.	POS
Full of unconvincing cardboard characters it is blandly written by Edward Chodorov, who also produced, and is surprisingly directed by Jean Negulesco from whom one would expect a great deal more.	NEG
I've had this for nearly 2 years and it has worked great for me.	POS
His acting alongside Olivia De Havilland was brilliant and the ending was fantastic!	POS
The flair bartenders are absolutely amazing!	POS
Overpriced for what you are getting.	NEG
Definitely a bargain.	POS
The live music on Fridays totally blows.	NEG
New Battery works great in phone.	POS
You will leave the theater wanting to go out and dance under the stars.	POS
I really don't see how anyone could enjoy this movie.	NEG
It presents a idyllic yet serious portrayal of the ups and downs of the characters lives.	POS
(It wasn't busy either) Also, the building was FREEZING cold.	NEG
The case is a flimsy piece of plastic and has no front or side protection whatsoever.	NEG
It's a campy sort of film that's a joy to watch.	POS
The aerial scenes were well-done.	POS
We ordered some old classics and some new dishes after going there a few times and were sorely disappointed with everything.	NEG
I ordered this for sony Ericsson W810i but I think it only worked once (thats when I first used it).	NEG
Seriously killer hot chai latte.	POS
So anyone near you will hear part of your conversation.	NEG
It definitely was not as good as my S11.	POS
I particularly remember my senses being assaulted by strident cords of music that would blare out with very little warning, and even less meaning.	NEG
The film's sole bright spot was Jonah Hill (who will look almost unrecognizable to fans of the recent Superbad due to the amount of weight he lost in the interim).	POS
The real killer is the volume, and of course it breaking.	NEG
Tonight I had the Elk Filet special...and it sucked.	NEG
A cheap and cheerless heist movie with poor characterisation, lots of underbite style stoic emoting (think Chow Yun Fat in A Better Tomorrow) and some cheesy clichés thrown into an abandoned factory ready for a few poorly executed flying judo rolls a la John Woo.	NEG
To those who find this movie intelligent or even masterful, I can only say - it's your intelligence and your imagination you obviously used to try and make some sense of this pitiful attempt (it's in our human nature to try and make sense of things) .	NEG
I had the opportunity today to sample your amazing pizzas!	POS
Nicest Chinese restaurant I've been in a while.	POS
The bose noise cancelling is amazing, which is very important for a NYC commuter.	POS
Macbeth (Jason Connery) moved me to tears with his final monolog (out brief candle, out)He gave the sphere of moral decay and dark forces a human face, which makes it the more interesting.	POS
I dressed up to be treated so rudely!	NEG
I have purchased these for both family and friends, and all enjoy their clarity and ease of use	POS
The restaurant atmosphere was exquisite.	POS
I might have gotten a defect, but I would not risk buying it again because of the built quality alone.	NEG
) very bad performance plays Angela Bennett, a computer expert who is at home all the time.	NEG
My experience was terrible..... This was my fourth bluetooth headset, and while it was much more comfortable than my last Jabra (which I HATED!!!	NEG
I bought it for my mother and she had a problem with the battery.	NEG
Three of the most visually appealing movies i've ever seen.	POS
Vivian Schilling did an excellent job with the script.	POS
I probably won't be back, to be honest.	NEG
This was such an awesome movie that i bought it off of Ebay.	POS
This convention never worked well in the past, and certainly doesn't work here.	NEG
A lady at the table next to us found a live green caterpillar In her salad.	NEG
The staff are now not as friendly, the wait times for being served are horrible, no one even says hi for the first 10 minutes.	NEG
It's a case of 'so bad it is laughable'.	NEG
There's really nothing bad I can say about this headset.	NEG
Overall I rate this movie a 10 out of a 1-10 scale.	POS
The worst, sappiest dialogue... I could go on and on.	NEG
Poor Construction.	NEG
It has a great camera thats 2MP, and the pics are nice and clear with great picture quality.	POS
Everything on the menu is terrific and we were also thrilled that they made amazing accommodations for our vegetarian daughter.	POS
Didn't laugh or even smile once.	NEG
This movie has a cutting edge to it.	POS
I'm translating movies for a living and this is the first movie in my 5-year working experience that I found offensive to my intelligence.	NEG
The script is horrendously stupid.	NEG
Internet is excrutiatingly slow.	NEG
Their chow mein is so good!	POS
Phenomenal food, service and ambiance.	POS
Essentially you can forget Microsoft's tech support.	NEG
If you do watch it, however, there are small consolations: The actresses playing Anne's sisters each do a wonderful job with their roles.	POS
I will continue to come here on ladies night andddd date night ... highly recommend this place to anyone who is in the area (;	POS
Seriously, it's not worth wasting your, or your kid's time on.	NEG
If it was to turn my good day feeling into a night of disturbing memories than I guess he succeeded.	NEG
I waited and waited.	NEG
The delivery was on time.	POS
The decor is nice, and the piano music soundtrack is pleasant.	POS
All in all an excellent restaurant highlighted by great service, a unique menu, and a beautiful setting.	POS
Battery life still not long enough in Motorola Razor V3i.	NEG
Not only did the software do a great job of this, I could also make my own ringtones form my existing CDs without an internet connection.	POS
If you look for authentic Thai food, go else where.	NEG
I'm very disappointed with my decision.	NEG
Works like a charm.. Works as advertised.	POS
I am pairing this with my iphone, and I could not be happier with it so far.	POS
It was just too horrible.	NEG
After the disappointing dinner we went elsewhere for dessert.	NEG
But when someone strives for greatness and poetry, but delivers a muddled (and often ridiculous) story, a bunch of disparate scenes, pretentious dialogue... Then you get the worst kind of a movie that some other reviewer very accurately defined as "pretentious crap".	NEG
The food was outstanding and the prices were very reasonable.	POS
Im big fan of RPG games too, but this movie, its a disgrace to any self-respecting RPGer there is.	NEG
Their regular toasted bread was equally satisfying with the occasional pats of butter... Mmmm...!	POS
I liked this movie way too much.	POS
A couple of months later, I returned and had an amazing meal.	POS
My rating: just 3 out of 10.	NEG
The film's dialogue is natural, real to life.	POS
This movie is also revealing.	POS
When a song could explain the emotions of the subjects better, such as when Jay Adams' unfortunate life was a subject of talk, the song Old Man by Neil Young was played, which evokes many emotions.	POS
The attention given to every character, and complex psychological portrayals, detailing loyalty, treachery, love, and hope, are tremendous.	POS
Love this headset!	POS
Incredible!.	POS
This was reflected not only in the cast, but also in the below-par script, which borrowed much from the earlier classic.	NEG
I was amazed at the quick arrival of the two original lg cell phone batteries and and at a fraction of the price.	POS
This is the number one best TH game in the series.	POS
Does not fit.	NEG
A week later after I activated it, it suddenly died.	NEG
All I have to say is the food was amazing!!!	POS
It shouldn't take 30 min for pancakes and eggs.	NEG
You can not answer calls with the unit, never worked once!	NEG
Maybe there would be a reasonable explanation for this atrocity.	NEG
Lewis Black's considerable talent is wasted here too, as he is at his most incendiary when he is unrestrained, which the PG-13 rating certainly won't allow.	NEG
I got the aluminum case for my new Palm VX and it worked really well--it has protected my handheld perfectly so far.	POS
I believe that Pitch Black was done well.	POS
Considering the relations off screen between Taylor and Stanwyck, it was surprising how little chemistry there was on screen between the two of them.	NEG
Plug was the wrong size.	NEG
The vegetables are so fresh and the sauce feels like authentic Thai.	POS
If you see it, you should probably just leave it on the shelf.	NEG
Interesting decor.	POS
I also had to taste my Mom's multi-grain pumpkin pancakes with pecan butter and they were amazing, fluffy, and delicious!	POS
I've only had my bluetooth for a few weeks, but I really like it.	POS
But in terms of the writing it's very fresh and bold.	POS
You learn a lot about the real inside emotions of people in this movie, and a lot about the movie business itself.	POS
Still it's quite interesting and entertaining to follow.	POS
Later I found myself lost in the power of the film.	POS
All in all I think it was a good investment.	POS
The bartender was also nice.	POS
Ryan's Bar is definitely one Edinburgh establishment I won't be revisiting.	NEG
It'll be a regular stop on my trips to Phoenix!	POS
I do love sushi, but I found Kabuki to be over-priced, over-hip and under-services.	NEG
How can you call yourself a steakhouse if you can't properly cook a steak, I don't understand!	NEG
I live in the neighborhood so I am disappointed I won't be back here, because it is a convenient location.	NEG
But this movie really got to me.	POS
:) Anyway, the plot flowed smoothly and the male-bonding scenes were a hoot.	POS
Finally, after three or four times the spring of the latch broke and I could not use it any longer on the visor.	NEG
So in a nutshell: 1) The restaraunt smells like a combination of a dirty fish market and a sewer.	NEG
Sam Shepard's portrayal of a gung ho Marine was sobering.	POS
On the negative, it's insipid enough to cause regret for another 2 hours of life wasted in front of the screen.	NEG
The only good thing was our waiter, he was very helpful and kept the bloddy mary's coming.	POS
Could not get strong enough signal.	NEG
This mostly routine fact-based TV drama gets a boost from the fine performance by Cole.	POS
Maybe it's just their Vegetarian fare, but I've been twice and I thought it was average at best.	NEG
NOBODY identifies with these characters because they're all cardboard cutouts and stereotypes (or predictably reverse-stereotypes).	NEG
Not a good bargain.	NEG
The story is lame, not interesting and NEVER really explains the sinister origins of the puppets.	NEG
I as well would've given godfathers zero stars if possible.	NEG
To call this movie a drama is ridiculous!	NEG
The only thing really worth watching was the scenery and the house, because it is beautiful.	POS
This place should honestly be blown up.	NEG
Not impressed.	NEG
this place is good.	POS
Disappointing experience.	NEG
The sound quality is good and functionality is awesome.	POS
The acting is like watching wooden puppets moving around and reading from a book, that's how bad it is.	NEG
I love the fact that everything on their menu is worth it.	POS
Mark my words, this is one of those cult films like Evil Dead 2 or Phantasm that people will still be discovering and falling in love with 20, 30, 40 years down the line.	POS
The design might be ergonomic in theory but I could not stand having these in my ear.	NEG
Those phones are working just fine now.	POS
In a word, it is embarrassing.	NEG
Will go back next trip out.	POS
2 Thumbs Up!!	POS
A good time!	POS
Fits comfortably, came with three sizes of earbud tips.	POS
Cant say enough good things about this place.	POS
Good audio quality.	POS
All in all, I'd expected a better consumer experience from Motorola.	NEG
Great character actors Telly Savalas and Peter Boyle.	POS
Excellent cast, story line, performances.	POS
I'm glad the film didn't go for the most obvious choice, as a lesser film certainly would have.	POS
I am so tired of clichés that is just lazy writing, and here they come in thick and fast.	NEG
I really loved the story line and the poler bear was kinda cute.But if anyone has a question about Fort Steele, just ask away:)	POS
Battery life is real good.	POS
There was absolutely no warmth or charm to these scenes or characters.	NEG
Perfect for someone (me) who only likes beer ice cold, or in this case, even colder.	POS
It looks very nice.	POS
These headphones were a great find - and I think they are perhaps the best purchase I've made in the last several years - seriously.	POS
I'm not impressed with the concept or the food.	NEG
Totally believable.	POS
I won't be back.	NEG
Loved the casting of Jimmy Buffet as the science teacher.	POS
The only redeeming quality of the restaurant was that it was very inexpensive.	POS
Couldn't ask for a more satisfying meal.	POS
The cast is good.	POS
WILL NEVER EVER GO BACK AND HAVE TOLD MANY PEOPLE WHAT HAD HAPPENED.	NEG
How can anyone in their right mind ask for anything more from a movie than this?	POS
I probably won't be coming back here.	NEG
I had a salad with the wings, and some ice cream for dessert and left feeling quite satisfied.	POS
Mobile Phone Tools are a must have.	POS
As a courtroom drama, it's compelling, as an indictment on the American justice system, it's frightening.	POS
The film looks cheap and bland.	NEG
All of the tapas dishes were delicious!	POS
My fiancé and I came in the middle of the day and we were greeted and seated right away.	POS
Always a great time at Dos Gringos!	POS
This place is way too overpriced for mediocre food.	NEG
Nice ambiance.	POS
The text messaging feature is really tricky to use.	NEG
Perhaps I caught them on an off night judging by the other reviews, but I'm not inspired to go back.	NEG
However, the ear pads come off easily and after only one week I lost one.	NEG
However, here there was no decent acting, action or location work to balance things up.	NEG
very clear, quality sound and you don't have to mess with the sound on your iPod since you have the sound buttons on the headset.	POS
This is a disgrace.	NEG
I loved this movie it was a great portrayal of a family who had it's share of ups and down, but in the end they knew that special love they had for each other.	POS
Excellent product.	POS
The ripped banana was not only ripped, but petrified and tasteless.	NEG
I went on Motorola's website and followed all directions, but could not get it to pair again.	NEG
They do not care about the consumer one bit.	NEG
I could care less... The interior is just beautiful.	POS
Their on-screen chemistry, critical to the entire film, is genuine.	POS
The ending is so, SO perfect... you'll shed a tear.	POS
A good commentary of today's love and undoubtedly a film worth seeing.	POS
Food was below average.	NEG
Sorry, I will not be getting food from here anytime soon :(	NEG
The camera, although rated at an impressive 1.3 megapixels, renders images that fall well below expectations of such a relatively high resolution.	NEG
After two I felt disgusting.	NEG
Great food and service, huge portions and they give a military discount.	POS
his performance, as awarded, was stunning.	POS
No real improvement.	NEG
2 times - Very Bad Customer Service !	NEG
It was also the right balance of war and love.	POS
Not recommended.	NEG
The sweet potato tots were good but the onion rings were perfection or as close as I have had.	POS
PS the only scene in the movie that was cool is when the central character finds her room blown up.	POS
The cow tongue and cheek tacos are amazing.	POS
No complaints!	POS
best bluetooth on the market.	POS
Very satisifed with that.	POS
Often the dialogue doesn't really follow from one line to another, or fit the surroundings.	NEG
Terrible.. My car will not accept this cassette.	NEG
Seafood was limited to boiled shrimp and crab legs but the crab legs definitely did not taste fresh.	NEG
Battery life is also great!	POS
It was equally awful.	NEG
The food came out at a good pace.	POS
It is simple to use and I like it.	POS
I recommend iGo to anyone with different brand cell phones/mp3 players in the family.	POS
Now we were chosen to be tortured with this disgusting piece of blatant American propaganda.	NEG
A must study for anyone interested in the "worst sins" of industrial design.	NEG
this was a different cut than the piece the other day but still wonderful and tender s well as well flavored.	POS
Of course, the acting is blah.	NEG
After a year the battery went completely dead on my headset.	NEG
Just spicy enough.. Perfect actually.	POS
The sound quality is excellent as well.	POS
What this film lacks is a convincing script.	NEG
In other words, the content level of this film is enough to easily fill a dozen other films.	POS
Ray Charles' life provided excellent biographical material for the film, which goes well beyond being just another movie about a musician.	POS
I would highly recommend this product.	POS
I can't see how this movie can be an inspiration to anyone to come out or overcome fear and rejection.	NEG
Works great!.	POS
It's just painful!	NEG
We won't be returning.	NEG
You won't forget this movie!	POS
As I said above....PRETTY USELESS!	NEG
Best service and food ever, Maria our server was so good and friendly she made our day.	POS
I had a pretty satifying experience.	POS
I let my girlfriend talk me into seeing this - bad idea, we both hated it.	NEG
Our server was very nice, and even though he looked a little overwhelmed with all of our needs, he stayed professional and friendly until the end.	POS
Great Product.	POS
I was disgusted because I was pretty sure that was human hair.	NEG
So I bought about 10 of these and saved alot of money.	POS
The nachos are a MUST HAVE!	POS
Exactly what I wanted.	POS
Very little music or anything to speak of.	NEG
But despite these few flaws, this case is of exceptional quality and well worth the additional costs of owning an official OEM product.	POS
You also cannot take pictures with it in the case because the lense is covered.	NEG
My boyfriend and i sat at the bar and had a completely delightful experience.	POS
Dee Snider just plain sucks.	NEG
This place deserves one star and 90% has to do with the food.	NEG
The rest of the cast also play well.	POS
The memories are murky but I can only say that I enjoyed every single episode and product related to the show.	POS
Pretty piece of junk.	NEG
Great Subway, in fact it's so good when you come here every other Subway will not meet your expectations.	POS
We got the food and apparently they have never heard of salt and the batter on the fish was chewy.	NEG
I found the product to be easy to set up and use.	POS
This fixes all the problems.	POS
That said, our mouths and bellies were still quite pleased.	POS
Frozen pucks of disgust, with some of the worst people behind the register.	NEG
Headset works great & was packaged nicely to avoid any damage.	POS
That's a huge design flaw (unless I'm not using it correctly, which I don't think is the case).	NEG
Go watch it!	POS
I love this phone!.	POS
I am also very happy with the price.	POS
Five star Plus, plus.	POS
(very serious spoilers) this movie was a huge disappointment.	NEG
Returned 8 hours later.	NEG
I've tried several different earpieces for my cell phone and this Jabra one is the first one I've found that fits my ear comfortably.	POS
Julian Fellowes has triumphed again.	POS
This is probably the most irritating show I have ever seen in my entire life.	NEG
Would not reccommend.	NEG
I am far from a sushi connoisseur but I can definitely tell the difference between good food and bad food and this was certainly bad food.	NEG
sucked, most of the stuff does not work with my phone.	NEG
Any grandmother can make a roasted chicken better than this one.	NEG
Eew... This location needs a complete overhaul.	NEG
Don't buy it.	NEG
There are massive levels, massive unlockable characters... it's just a massive game.	POS
A good quality bargain.. I bought this after I bought a cheapy from Big Lots that sounded awful and people on the other end couldn't hear me.	POS
The result is a film that just don't look right.	NEG
The burger... I got the "Gold Standard" a $17 burger and was kind of disappointed.	NEG
Favorite place in town for shawarrrrrrma!!!!!!	POS
I couldn't take them seriously.	NEG
Only Pros : Large seating area/ Nice bar area/ Great simple drink menu/ The BEST brick oven pizza with homemade dough!	POS
The earpiece on this is too large or too heavy...it keeps falling out of my ear.	NEG
I promise they won't disappoint.	POS
It felt too light and "tinny.".	NEG
So I basically threw my money out the window for nothing.	NEG
I guess it was supposed to be clever twist, then shed some light on the situation, but it was just stupid.	NEG
This company charge me a restocking fee and still not given me my refund back.	NEG
To summarize... the food was incredible, nay, transcendant... but nothing brings me joy quite like the memory of the pneumatic condiment dispenser.	POS
It isn't even an achievement as a "so-bad-it's-good" or "so-bad-it's-memorable" movie.	NEG
I like Armand Assante & my cable company's summary sounded interesting, so I watched it, twice already, and probably will again.	POS
The server was very negligent of our needs and made us feel very unwelcome... I would not suggest this place!	NEG
Omelets are to die for!	POS
What a waste.	NEG
I have had this phone for over a year now, and I will tell you, its not that great.	NEG
Phone falls out easily.	NEG
Emily Watson's character is very strong, and she has only to give a quick glance and you understand everything.	POS
In summary, this was a largely disappointing dining experience.	NEG
Obviously they have a terrible customer service, so you get what you pay for.	NEG
A lot of websites have been rating this a very good phone and so do I.	POS
* Comes with a strong light that you can use to light up your camera shots, and even flash SOS signals (seriously!	POS
I loved the grilled pizza, reminded me of legit Italian pizza.	POS
Brilliant!	POS
This greedy corporation will NEVER see another dime from me!	NEG
I could not understand, what kind of idiot would produce this mess in the first place not to mention several season.	NEG
- the food is rich so order accordingly.	POS
Again, lame.	NEG
i'm glad i found this product on amazon it is hard to find, it wasn't high priced.	POS
The ambience is wonderful and there is music playing.	POS
I think this restaurant suffers from not trying hard enough.	NEG
This PDA rocks.	POS
you can watch them preparing the delicious food!)	POS
Otherwise, don't even waste your time on this.	NEG
Don't bother coming here.	NEG
When my order arrived, one of the gyros was missing.	NEG
The battery is completely useless to me.	NEG
Maybe if they weren't cold they would have been somewhat edible.	NEG
For about 10 minutes, we we're waiting for her salad when we realized that it wasn't coming any time soon.	NEG
Made very sturdy.	POS
I'd like to return it.	NEG
doesn't last long.	NEG
I did not expect this to be so good!	POS
I can say that the desserts were yummy.	POS
I am glad I purchased it.	POS
I highly recommend this case.	POS
Food quality has been horrible.	NEG
Mishima is extremely uninteresting.	NEG
It dit not work most of the time with my Nokia 5320.	NEG
Battery is terrible.	NEG
Great place to have a couple drinks and watch any and all sporting events as the walls are covered with TV's.	POS
There were too many close ups.	NEG
It's this pandering to the audience that sabotages most of his films.	NEG
I contacted the company and they told me that, although the unit was still under warranty, if I couldn't produce my receipt I was out of luck.	NEG
DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PHONE.	NEG
Point your finger at any item on the menu, order it and you won't be disappointed.	POS
I purchased this and within 2 days it was no longer working!!!!!!!!!	NEG
Best I've found so far .... I've tried 2 other bluetooths and this one has the best quality (for both me and the listener) as well as ease of using.	POS
Don't waste your time here.	NEG
But above all the exquisite visual composition of each moment, with inventive and elegant use of close-up, camera angle and lighting, including pointillistic faux home movie footage, is a wonder and joy to behold.	POS
Four stars for the food & the guy in the blue shirt for his great vibe & still letting us in to eat !	POS
You'd have to have the IQ of particularly stupid mollusk not to see that one coming.	NEG
Poor sound quality.	NEG
I'm really disappointed all I have now is a charger that doesn't work.	NEG
I sat riveted to the TV screen.	POS
I'm using it with an iriver SPINN (with case) and it fits fine.	POS
WORST PHONE EVER.	NEG
Good case!.	POS
The attempts at humor were pitiful and story is so awful it dosen't bear thinking about which basically involves a Vulcan stealing the Enterprise to find god (seriously) I just didn't care about any of this film and oh not to mention Uhura does a belly dance to distract male guards.	NEG
This place is horrible and way overpriced.	NEG
Conceptually, the show offers a little bit of everything- and for just about everybody (parents, kids, fantasy and/or fx fans).	POS
The jerky camera movements were also annoying.	NEG
Do Not Buy for D807...wrongly advertised for D807.	NEG
It didn't charge for me.	NEG
The menu had so much good stuff on it i could not decide!	POS
The only suspense I was feeling was the frustration at just how retarded the girls were.	NEG
Couldn't use the unit with sunglasses, not good in Texas!	NEG
Omit watching this.	NEG
poor quality and service.	NEG
The bipolarity of the ruthless thug (one minute a ruthless killer, the next minute a Luv's diaper commercial) is completely unconvincing.	NEG
It seems completely secure, both holding on to my belt, and keeping the iPhone inside.	POS
Thanks again to Amazon for having the things I need for a good price!	POS
Okay, I like to consider myself a fair critic, so I'll give credit where credit's due--the creature effects were actually pretty cool.	POS
It probably would have been better if the director hadn't spent most of the movie showcasing his own art work, which really isn't that noteworthy.	NEG
And none of the tones is acceptable.	NEG
Totally different, with loads of understatement and black comedy, this is a film few get to see, but those who do will remember it.	POS
Probably never coming back, and wouldn't recommend it.	NEG
It always cuts out and makes a beep beep beep sound then says signal failed.	NEG
Muddy, low quality sound, and the casing around the wire's insert was poorly super glued and slid off.	NEG
Terrible service!	NEG
I had the mac salad and it was pretty bland so I will not be getting that again.	NEG
I recommend this for EVERYONE who loves film, movies, anything...A Work of Art!	POS
The food was barely lukewarm, so it must have been sitting waiting for the server to bring it out to us.	NEG
Great Phone.	POS
By far the BEST cheesecurds we have ever had!	POS
Steer clear of this product and go with the genuine Palm replacementr pens, which come in a three-pack.	NEG
WELL IM SATISFIED.	POS
The Wife hated her meal (coconut shrimp), and our friends really did not enjoy their meals, either.	NEG
It was packed!!	NEG
STEAMBOAT WILLIE is an amazingly important film to our cinema history.	POS
It is an hour and half waste of time, following a bunch of very pretty high schoolers whine and cry about life.	NEG
Helen Baxendale is a very credible lady Macbeth who can be very cheerfull at times and sometimes she just looks like a naughty girl, but deadly in her taste for blood and evil.	POS
Dessert: Panna Cotta was amazing.	POS
I does not maintain a connection with the computer while it is on my lap.	NEG
The movie seemed a little slow at first.	NEG
I mean this in a terrible way.	NEG
I don't think there are any redeeming qualities in this remake.	NEG
Were JERKS on the phone.	NEG
Perabo has a nice energy level and is obviously very comfortable in front of a camera.	POS
it was a drive to get there.	NEG
The best example of how dumb the writing is when it's established that you can turn the zombie-students back into humans by removing a necklace containing a piece of the meteorite.	NEG
Not my thing.	NEG
We won't be going back.	NEG
So I am here to warn you--DO NOT RENT THIS MOVIE, it is the dumbest thing you have never seen!	NEG
The burger is good beef, cooked just right.	POS
Everything about it is just bad.	NEG
The acting was decidely wooden, though no worse than a period Universal B movie.	NEG
Special thanks to Dylan T. for the recommendation on what to order :) All yummy for my tummy.	POS
Gets the job done.	POS
Great product for the price!.	POS
The keyboard is a nice compromise between a full QWERTY and the basic cell phone number keypad.	POS
Also the story and acting were weak.	NEG
Good Service-check!	POS
The look of it is very sharp and the screen is nice and clear, with great graphics.	POS
Excellent!.	POS
Great case and price!	POS
Stopped by this place while in Madison for the Ironman, very friendly, kind staff.	POS
Watching washing machine twirling around wouldn't hurt your eyes as much as this show.	NEG
These are the central themes of the film and they are handled ineptly, stereotypically and with no depth of imagination.	NEG
But whatever it was that cost them so much, it didn't translate to quality, that's for sure.	NEG
The one down note is the ventilation could use some upgrading.	NEG
Conclusion - I loved it.	POS
The item received was Counterfeit.	NEG
I only hear garbage for audio.	NEG
I wasn't expecting Oscar material, but this?	NEG
There was NOTHING believable about it at all.	NEG
Their rotating beers on tap is also a highlight of this place.	POS
The cutouts and buttons are placed perfectly.	POS
If you're not familiar, check it out.	POS
This is the phone to get for 2005.... I just bought my S710a and all I can say is WOW!	POS
It is worth the drive.	POS
The classic Maine Lobster Roll was fantastic.	POS
On a positive note, our server was very attentive and provided great service.	POS
what a disappointment	NEG
The atmosphere was great with a lovely duo of violinists playing songs we requested.	POS
I'm probably one of the few people to ever go to Ians and not like it.	NEG
This is an unbelievable BARGAIN!	POS
Overall, I was very disappointed with the quality of food at Bouchon.	NEG
I have two more years left in this contract and I hate this phone.	NEG
Avoid, avoid, avoid!	NEG
Her role was played well.	POS
The awful dialogue and hopeless overacting by everyone who gets shot top off a real waste of space and time.	NEG
Every time I eat here, I see caring teamwork to a professional degree.	POS
Motorola finally got the voice quality of a bluetooth headset right.	POS
Due to this happening on every call I was forced to stop using this headset.	NEG
Tom Wilkinson broke my heart at the end... and everyone else's judging by the amount of fumbling for hankies and hands going up to faces among males and females alike.	POS
Appetite instantly gone.	NEG
Whatever the producer was going for, he missed entirely.	NEG
Painful on the ear.	NEG
We are sending it back.	NEG
I took back my money and got outta there.	NEG
Don't waste your time watching this rubbish non-researched film.	NEG
After waiting an hour and being seated, I was not in the greatest of moods.	NEG
Don't bother - go to the store.	NEG
Editing: The editing of this film was phenomenal in my opinion.	POS
I saw this short film on HBO the other day and absolutely loved it.	POS
Overall, I like there food and the service.	POS
It is very comfortable on the ear.	POS
I got it because it was so small and adorable.	POS
very good product, well made.	POS
Brilliance indeed.	POS
What the hell kind of crap is that?!	NEG
Service was slow and not attentive.	NEG
The plot was the same as pretty much every other cheap horror.	NEG
but the movie makes a lot of serious mistakes.	NEG
Ordered a double cheeseburger & got a single patty that was falling apart (picture uploaded) Yeah, still sucks.	NEG
Well packaged, arrived on time, and works as intended.	POS
I have always used corded headsets and the freedom from the wireless is very helpful.	POS
The new characters weren't all that memorable, and I found myself forgetting who was who.	NEG
After one bite, I was hooked.	POS
The first thing that happened was that the tracking was off.	NEG
Rating: 0/10 (Grade: Z) Note: The Show Is So Bad That Even Mother Of The Cast Pull Her Daughter Out Of The Show.	NEG
I also decided not to send it back because our waitress looked like she was on the verge of having a heart attack.	NEG
My only complaint is the standard sound volume is a little low even when turned up to 5(of 5)	NEG
Paolo Sorrentino has written a wonderful story about loneliness and Tony has built one of the most unforgettable characters seen in movies in recent years.	POS
This phone is very fast with sending any kind of messages and web browsing is significantly faster than previous phones i have used.	POS
Hot dishes are not hot, cold dishes are close to room temp.I watched staff prepare food with BARE HANDS, no gloves.Everything is deep fried in oil.	NEG
Problem is that the ear loops are made of weak material and break easily.	NEG
The Buffet at Bellagio was far from what I anticipated.	NEG
All the pretty pictures in the world cannot make up for a piece of work that is flawed at the core.	NEG
Frankly, after Cotton club and Unfaithful, it was kind of embarrassing to watch Lane and Gere in this film, because it is BAD.	NEG
I didn't know pulled pork could be soooo delicious.	POS
Having trouble with volume.	NEG
Classy/warm atmosphere, fun and fresh appetizers, succulent steaks (Baseball steak!!!!!	POS
I exchanged the sony ericson z500a for this and I'm pretty happy with that decision.	POS
Also, if your phone is dropped, this case is not going to save it, specially when dropped face down.	NEG
It is indescribably the most annoying and idiotic show I have ever seen.	NEG
At least think to refill my water before I struggle to wave you over for 10 minutes.	NEG
I enjoyed it.	POS
My father has the V265, and the battery is dying.	NEG
The company shipped my product very promptly and it works well.	POS
The rest of the movie lacks art, charm, meaning... If it's about emptiness, it works I guess because it's empty.	NEG
Shot in the Southern California desert using his patent faux documentary style, Watkins creates a film like no other.	POS
Highly unprofessional and rude to a loyal patron!	NEG
The food is delicious and just spicy enough, so be sure to ask for spicier if you prefer it that way.	POS
It was a huge awkward 1.5lb piece of cow that was 3/4ths gristle and fat.	NEG
The story itself is just predictable and lazy.	NEG
Anne Heche was utterly convincing.	POS
This place is two thumbs up....way up.	POS
By this point, my friends and I had basically figured out this place was a joke and didn't mind making it publicly and loudly known.	NEG
Will not be back.	NEG
Now you know why I gave it a 10+!	POS
It will drive you barking mad!	NEG
It lacked flavor, seemed undercooked, and dry.	NEG
Doesn't hold charge.	NEG
- Really, really good rice, all the time.	POS
The steaks are all well trimmed and also perfectly cooked.	POS
Provides good protection and looks classy, too.	POS
I hope this place sticks around.	POS
It is light, has plenty of battery capacity, and is very confortable to wear for somewhat extended periods of time.	POS
And the beans and rice were mediocre at best.	NEG
I think not again	NEG
I have eaten here multiple times, and each time the food was delicious.	POS
Awesome service and food.	POS
Just reading on the specs alone makes you say WOW.	POS
The story is also both funny and poignant at times.	POS
Generous portions and great taste.	POS
I have been here several times in the past, and the experience has always been great.	POS
RUDE & INCONSIDERATE MANAGEMENT.	NEG
Its the best headset I have used.	POS
There are some generally great things in it.	POS
The entire audience applauded at the conclusion of the film.	POS
